UT 1
AR Yang JS, 2023, INDIAN J FISH, V70, P18, DOI 10.21077/ijf.2023.70.4.135615-02
TI The ecological footprint study of marine fisheries in Liaoning Province of
   China based on system dynamics
AU Yang JS; Pan XW; Yin ZQ; Cui JR; Sun PQ; Gu HF; Li JX; Wang Y/1; Xu M
TC 3
SO INDIAN J FISH
PY 2023
AB Since the end of the 20th century, with the rapid development of the marine
   economy, the marine environment of Liaoning Province in China was under
   tremendous pressure and the fishery resources have been in serious decline.
   The marine fishing output of Liaoning Province was reduced from 1.502x107 t
   in 2000 to 5.244x106 t in.  Using STELLA software as the modeling platform,
   we followed the basic steps of system dynamics modeling (SD model), combined
   with the principle of ecological footprint of fisheries to establish the SD
   model of ecological footprint of fisheries in Liaoning Province of China,
   and applied the fuzzy evaluation method to comprehensively evaluate the
   ecological carrying capacity of Liaoning marine area.  The results show that
   marine fishery resources in Liaoning Province have been in ecological
   deficit and unsustainable development.  The ecological footprint of
   fisheries in Liaoning Province has increased from 1.08x107 km2 to 1.88x107
   km2 with an average value of 1.60x107 km2 between 2000 and 2018, which is
   already higher than the ecological carrying capacity of 3.20x106 km2 and
   about 5 times of the carrying capacity, which means that fishing pressure
   needs to be reduced to at least 20% of its current level for the ecological
   footprint of fisheries to rebound and for the ecological deficit to decrease
   steadily, thus preventing an ecosystem collapse.
DE ecological footprint of fisheries; liaoning fishery resources; system
   dynamics; stella software

---

UT 2
AR Tsalis AT, 2015, CIV ENG ENV SYST, V32, P281, DOI
   10.1080/10286608.2015.1006129
TI A dynamic sustainability Balanced Scorecard methodology as a navigator for
   exploring the dynamics and complexity of corporate sustainability strategy
AU Tsalis AT; Nikolaou EI; Grigoroudis E; Tsagarakis PK
TC 15
SO CIV ENG ENV SYST
PY 2015
AB The majority of recent empirical research regarding corporate environmental
   literature seeks to identify the potential relationships between
   environmental management practices and the financial performance of the
   firms.  In addition, another major part of the research concerns the effect
   of corporate social responsibility practices on corporate financial
   performance.  The majority of these studies focus on the effect of either
   social or environmental aspects on firms' economic performance through
   various statistical techniques in an ex post and static base (at the end of
   year - annually). To contribute to this literature, this article aims at
   developing a dynamic sustainability Balance Scorecard methodology to
   investigate the evolutionary trends of the relationships among
   environmental, social, and economic performance of firms.  The main
   contribution is the development of an integrated mental model in order to
   improve managers' and scholars' comprehension of corporate sustainability
   performance.  The proposed methodology is mainly based on the corporate
   environmental and social management literature, system thinking, system
   dynamics, and Stella software.  Some computational examples are also
   presented based on three scenarios.
DE corporate sustainability; corporate social respon-sibility; system dynamics;
   stella software
ID environmental-management; development indicators; financial performance;
   social performance; firm; integration; evolution; framework; insights;
   industry

---

UT 3
AR Taylor IW, 2025, J SIMUL, DOI 10.1080/17477778.2025.2492682
TI A system dynamics-based digital twin application for mealworm farming
AU Taylor IW; Koul S; Araujo F; Campbell B
TC 1
SO J SIMUL
PY 2025
AB Digital Twins (DTs) are virtual models that simulate real-world systems.
   This study introduces a DT for mealworm farming based on the System Dynamics
   (SD) approach.  The SD-based Mealworm Farm Digital Twin (MFDT) as an
   application is intended to enhance the efficiency of mealworm farming
   operations.  The development process involved interviewing a mealworm farmer
   and implementing the findings using Vensim Software and Stella Architect.
   The model utilises qualitative causal loop diagrams to represent feedback
   and stock and flow diagrams for quantitative analysis.  The mealworm farming
   method encompasses the simulation of crucial elements such as production,
   inventory management, and cost structures.  The mealworm farmer used the
   MFDT to assess several policies and determine the most effective pricing
   strategies to yield the quickest return on investment and long-term retained
   earnings.  Also, the effects of reducing the mealworm maturity cycle and
   using higher-cost organic feed, highlighting the importance of balanced
   operational modifications, were investigated.  The MFDT also simulates
   customer behaviour and market dynamics, facilitating the development of
   efficient marketing strategies and enhancing customer satisfaction by
   balancing supply and demand.  The MFDT includes scenarios that offer
   critical insights into developing robust management strategies by simulating
   real-world challenges, improving decision-making and ensuring sustainable
   and profitable farming practices.  The MFDT is a valuable tool for farmers
   to experiment with various techniques and assess their impacts without the
   risks of real-world experiments.
DE digital twins; dt; system dynamics modeling; sd model; mealworm farming

---

UT 4
AR Huang MB, 2011, J SOIL SCI, V91, P185, DOI 10.4141/CJSS10009
TI System dynamics modeling of infiltration and drainage in layered coarse soil
AU Huang MB; Elshorbagy A; Barbour SL; Zettl JD; Si BC
TC 24
SO J SOIL SCI
PY 2011
AB Huang, M., Elshorbagy, A., Barbour, S. L., Zettl, J. D. and Si, B. C. 2011.
   System dynamics modeling of infiltration and drainage in layered coarse
   soil.  Can.  J. Soil Sci.  91: 185-197. A system dynamics (SD) model was
   developed to simulate transient infiltration and drainage processes in
   multilayered soils.  STELLA Software was used as a stock-flow icon-based
   simulation environment.  The developed SD model combined both physically
   based formulations and empirical assumptions to describe one-dimensional
   saturated unsaturated water flow in the vadose zone.  The model was
   successfully calibrated and validated using measured water contents during
   the infiltration and drainage phases, respectively, of a double-ring
   infiltration test.  The simulation results were also compared with a finite
   element model of saturated/unsaturated flow (HYDRUS). The results showed
   that the SD model was capable of accurately simulating the various
   hydrological processes in multilayered soils, and could be a useful tool for
   designing reclamation covers.  The simulated and measured results show that
   the presence of a finer sand layer overlying a coarse sand layer will
   increase the soil water storage at field capacity.
DE system dynamics model; infiltration; drainage; layered soils
ID particle-size distribution; unsaturated flow; water; movement; predict;
   design

---

UT 5
AR Elshorbagy A, 2007, HYDROLOG SCI J, V52, P538, DOI 10.1623/hysj.52.3.538
TI Simulation of the hydrological processes on reconstructed watersheds using
   system dynamics
AU Elshorbagy A; Jutla A; Kells J
TC 33
SO HYDROL SCI J-J SCI HYDROL
PY 2007
AB Reconstruction of disturbed watersheds is a common practice by the oil sands
   industry in northern Alberta, Canada.  The reconstruction and restoration of
   the watershed hydrology are required as part of the reclamation mandated by
   Alberta Environment for mine closure.  Assessment of the hydrological
   performance of the reconstructed watersheds is essential to ensure a
   sustainable reclamation strategy.  A conceptual lumped system dynamics
   watershed (SDW) model is developed and calibrated in this study.  The model,
   built within an object-based simulation environment, is capable of
   simulating the various hydrological processes in the reconstructed
   watersheds with good accuracy.  STELLA Software is used as an object-based
   simulation environment that allows visual computations.  The SDW model
   developed combines both physical ly-based and empirical formulations to
   replicate the hydrological system mathematically.  The system dynamics
   approach along with the visual simulation environment help in developing a
   simulation-for-learning model, not only simulation for prediction.  The
   model is successfully calibrated and validated; the results show that the
   SDW model is capable of simulating the various hydrological processes (soil
   moisture, evapotranspiration and runoff) with good accuracy.  The SDW model
   can help in the assessment of the short- and long-term performances of the
   reconstructed watersheds, thus providing a useful decision-aid tool for the
   mining industry.
DE watershed modeling; system dynamics; reconstructed watersheds
ID yielding ephemeral catchments; frozen soils; snowmelt infiltration; final
   covers; model; moisture; balance; cycle

---

UT 6
AR Lagarda-Leyva EA, 2021, APPL SCI-BASEL, V11, DOI 10.3390/app11177938
TI System Dynamics and Lean Approach: Development of a Technological Solution
   in a Regional Product Packaging Company
AU Lagarda-Leyva EA
TC 7
SO APPL SCI-BASEL
PY 2021
AB This study was performed in a regional product marketing company located in
   Ciudad Obregon, Sonora, Mexico, where a problem was detected in empirical
   decision-making due to their recent incorporation into the market.  Thus,
   the objective of this study is the shelf-product production link, where the
   interest is in knowing the behavior of the main variables that influence the
   system.  System dynamics methodology follows six steps: (1) Map the process
   under study with the value stream map (VSM); (2) Create a causal diagram;
   (3) Elaborate the Forrester diagram and equations; (4) Validate the current
   model; (5) Simulate scenarios; (6) Create the graphical user interface.  The
   main results were the design of the scenarios starting from a robust system
   dynamics model, three scenarios, and the graphical interface.  For this
   purpose, Stella Architect Software was used as it has special attributes to
   create a graphical user interface.  Furthermore, all the elements of the VSM
   were added under the Lean Startup approach.  Significantly, the inadequate
   management of the materials was detected, which is why the recommendation
   was to separate the packaging of dry and cold products to care for food
   innocuousness and the cold chain.  Likewise, processing time decreased,
   reducing material transfer, which was detected by applying a future VSM
   based on the Lean Startup methodology.  The technological solution in this
   study is a contribution based on social sciences and mathematics (nonlinear
   equations) using dynamics simulation to observe the complexity of system
   behavior.
DE system dynamics; value stream map; scenarios; simulation; logistics; supply
   chain
ID management

---

UT 7
AR Díaz-Reza JR, 2024, JORDAN J MECH IND EN, V18, P113, DOI
   10.59038/jjmie/180109
TI Assessing the impact of Lean manufacturing on the Social Sustainability
   through Structural Equation Modeling and System Dynamics
AU Díaz-Reza JR; García-Alcaraz JL; Sánchez-Ramírez C; Vargas AR
TC 10
SO JORDAN J MECH IND ENG
PY 2024
AB This study presents a comprehensive approach to evaluate the impact of
   various Lean Management tools, such as Kaizen, Total Productive Maintenance
   (TPM), Just -in -Time (JIT), and philosophies like Total Quality Management
   (TQM)on the social sustainability of manufacturing companies.  Using a
   system dynamics model supported by structural equation analysis, we seek to
   measure these effects and determine the time required for companies to reach
   the desired level of implementation of these tools and the point at which
   they will achieve social sustainability.  This innovative approach seeks to
   fill a gap in the research, as so far, no studies have been conducted that
   precisely measure the impact of Kaizen, TPM, JIT, and philosophies like TQM
   on social sustainability using structural equation modeling and system
   dynamics.  This gap in the literature highlights the relevance of this
   study, which provides detailed results on the impact of Lean Management
   tools on social sustainability and addresses a significant gap in existing
   research.  Data were collected from 411 surveys, primarily from companies in
   the automotive sector with more than 1,000 employees.  The analysis used
   tools such as WarpPls 8.0 (R) for structural equation analysis and STELLA
   ARCHITECT V3.0.1 (R) for system dynamics.  The results suggest that
   continuous improvement is fundamental to achieving social sustainability,
   serving as an enabler for tools such as TPM and JIT, which are integral to
   Lean Management, as well as philosophies like TQM. The projection indicates
   that achieving 100% implementation of these Lean Management tools will take
   approximately seven years while attaining 100% social sustainability is
   expected within 10.25 years.  It's important to note that while Lean
   Management tools like TPM and JIT play a crucial role, TQM, as a separate
   philosophy, also contributes significantly to social sustainability.
   Although these timelines are ambitious and theoretical, they underscore the
   critical importance of Lean Management tools for social sustainability.
   Caution is advised, acknowledging the potential challenges of achieving such
   ambitious goals, which should be approached with realism.  (c) 2024 Jordan
   Journal of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering.  All rights reserved
DE social sustainability; lean managementtools; system dynamics; structural
   equation model
ID implementation; performance; jit; tqm

---

UT 8
AR Díaz-Reza JR, 2024, J CLEAN PROD, V448, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.141453
TI Achieving social sustainability through lean manufacturing practices:
   Insights from structural equation model and system dynamics
AU Díaz-Reza JR; Mousavi SH; Sánchez-Ramírez CE; García-Alcaraz JL
TC 22
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2024
AB The relationship between Lean Manufacturing (LM) practices and their impact
   on Social Sustainability (SOS) remains an area that warrants further
   investigation, especially in developing countries and industrial sectors
   with a high level of manual work in which there are many occupational
   diseases, where well-being is required by labor laws, such as Mexican
   maquiladora (MM) companies.  Recognizing this research gap, this study
   explores and assesses the influence of LM practices on MM's SOS. The study
   proposed and evaluated a structural equation model (SEM) with eight
   hypotheses tested statistically using information obtained from 411
   responses to a questionnaire distributed across the MM. WarpPLS software
   (version 8.0) was employed to validate the SEM and STELLA ARCHITECT V3.0.1,
   to evaluate a system dynamics model to simulate the longitudinal behavior of
   LM practices on SOS. The findings underscore the critical role of the 5 S
   methodology in facilitating the adoption of practices, such as Total
   Productive Maintenance, Quick changeover, and One-piece Flow, exhibiting
   positive repercussions on SOS. Notably, the study's estimates suggest a
   timeline of approximately 6.5 years to attain 100% implementation of these
   tools, while achieving complete SOS may extend to approximately 11.75 years.
   It is imperative to approach these projections cautiously, because of the
   dynamic nature of business environments, wherein unforeseen alterations may
   significantly influence these timelines.  These estimates offer valuable
   insights into the potential temporal dynamics of LM practices and SOS
   implementations in industrial contexts.
DE social sustainability; lean manufacturing; maquiladora industry; sem; system
   dynamics
ID implementation; performance; changeover; industry; quality; impact

---

UT 9
AR Li Z, 2018, J HYDROL, V556, P50, DOI 10.1016/j.jhydrol.2017.11.007
TI A hybrid system dynamics and optimization approach for supporting
   sustainable water resources planning in Zhengzhou City, China
AU Li Z; Li CH; Wang X; Peng C; Cai YP; Huang WC
TC 40
SO J HYDROL
PY 2018
AB Problems with water resources restrict the sustainable development of a city
   with water shortages.  Based on system dynamics (SD) theory, a model of
   sustainable utilization of water resources using the STELLA software has
   been established.  This model consists of four subsystems: population
   system, economic system, water supply system and water demand system.  The
   boundaries of the four subsystems are vague, but they are closely related
   and interdependent.  The model is applied to Zhengzhou City, China, which
   has a serious water shortage.  The difference between the water supply and
   demand is very prominent in Zhengzhou City.  The model was verified with
   data from 2009 to 2013. The results show that water demand of Zhengzhou City
   will reach 2.57 billion m(3) in 2020. A water resources optimization model
   is developed based on interval-parameter two-stage stochastic programming.
   The objective of the model is to allocate water resources to each water
   sector and make the lowest cost under the minimum water demand.  Using the
   simulation results, decision makers can easily weigh the costs of the
   system, the water allocation objectives, and the system risk.  The hybrid
   system dynamics method and optimization model is a rational try to support
   water resources management in many cities, particularly for cities with
   potential water shortage and it is solidly supported with previous studies
   and collected data.  (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
DE system dynamics model; water resources; sustainable usage; optimal
   allocation of water resources; zhengzhou city
ID early warning system; management; uncertainty; basin; shortage; model;
   security

---

UT 10
AR Bala BK, 2014, ECOL MODEL, V283, P19, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolmodel.2014.03.013
TI Sustainable exploitation of hilsa fish (Tenualosa ilisha) population in
   Bangladesh: Modeling and policy implications
AU Bala BK; Arshad FM; Alias EF; Sidique SF/1; Noh KM; Rowshon MK; Islam QMM;
   Islam MM
TC 14
SO ECOL MODEL
PY 2014
AB This paper presents a computer model of hilsa fish (Tenualosa ilisha) to
   predict the long-term trends in the hilsa population over several decades
   and to assess the impacts of harvesting the juveniles and spawning adults of
   hilsa fish.  The model is designed to keep track of the population in
   various phases of the life cycle.  The computer model of hilsa fish is based
   on system dynamics methodology.  The full history of the cause and effect
   relationships of the population dynamics of hilsa fish is presented using
   causal loop and flow diagrams.  STELLA software is used to model the
   population dynamics of hilsa fish and the parameters of the model are
   estimated from field data and reports.  Maximum sustainable yield and
   carrying capacity were simulated to be 268,000 tons and 670,000 tons,
   respectively.  The overall situation of hilsa fishery is under severe stress
   in Bangladesh and vulnerable to over exploitation.  Simulation results show
   that increased harvesting of the adults entering the rivers and the
   juveniles in the rivers cause gradual decline in hilsa fish population and
   even may cause to disappear this valuable resource within a short period of
   time.  Also the optimal strategies for sustainable development of hilsa
   fishery have been addressed and the optimization results show that optimized
   operation of the hilsa fishery not only stabilizes the system, but also
   enhances the harvested adult hilsa.  The model has the potential to analyze
   the harvesting strategies of the adults entering the rivers and juveniles in
   the rivers for sustainable exploitation of the hilsa fish.  (C) 2014
   Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
DE hilsa fish; population dynamics; system dynamics; simulation; harvesting
   strategies; optimization
ID system dynamics optimization; management

---

UT 11
AR Ali MF, 2022, AGRIC SYST, V202, DOI 10.1016/j.agsy.2022.103491
TI Using a participatory system dynamics modelling approach to inform the
   management of Malaysian rubber production
AU Ali MF; Sulong SH; Julius K; Smith C; Aziz AA
TC 7
SO AGRIC SYST
PY 2022
AB CONTEXT: Increasing rubber price volatility has adversely affected
   smallholders - Malaysia's primary rubber producers' livelihood.  This, in
   turn, has caused them to abandon rubber farming and led to the decline of
   Malaysian rubber production over the last few decades.  In this paper, a
   rubber production model was developed using a participatory system dynamics
   modelling approach, involving multiple key rubber industry stakeholders.
   OBJECTIVE: The study's objectives include: 1) to use the developed rubber
   production model to quantitatively assess the impact of interactions between
   key components of the rubber production system at the farm, national, and
   global levels on rubber production; and 2) to test the effectiveness of
   existing and proposed plausible policy and management scenarios to improve
   rubber production.  METHODS: We conducted structural, behavioural patterns,
   and statistical tests to evaluate and validate the performance of the
   developed model.  We simulated key variables including smallholder and
   national productions, and farm-gate, national and global prices for a
   30-year period.  The model is set-up with time unit of years and time step
   of 0.25 years, using the Stella Architect software.  Our analysis showed
   that the simulated outputs agreed well with the observed behaviour of the
   system.  A sensitivity analysis indicated the model is reliable and robust
   to uncertainties in the major parameters.  Five policy scenarios: (1)
   business as usual; (2) farm- level focused; (3) national-level focused; (4)
   global-level focused; and (5) balanced were simulated to assess their impact
   on smallholder and national production, smallholder net revenue, and global,
   national and farm-gate rubber prices.  RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: The results
   showed that the farm-level focused and balanced scenarios would
   significantly improve and double smallholder and Malaysian rubber
   production.  Based on the scenarios analyses, Malaysian rubber production
   can be improved by (1) tightening rubber export restrictions at the global
   level; (2) increasing domestic rubber consumption and reducing rubber
   imports at the national level; (3) increasing rubber production incentive;
   (4) improving collaboration between agencies and increasing resources
   available to extension and enforcement agents, and rubber production
   incentive campaigns; and (5) finding additional in-come, through
   intercropping at the farm level for example.  SIGNIFICANCE: The model is
   flexible, and other rubber producing countries with similar features and
   environmental and socioeconomic conditions can adapt the system dynamics
   simulation model to understand and evaluate the impact of policies that can
   improve the livelihood of smallholders.
DE agricultural production causal loop diagrams; stakeholder participation;
   system dynamics modeling; systems thinking
ID hevea-brasiliensis; water resources; yield; growth; uncertainty; validation;
   integration; expansion; impacts

---

UT 12
AR Lv FR, 2024, ENV SCI, V12, DOI 10.3389/fenvs.2024.1400717
TI Simulating the effect of haze management using system dynamics: a case study
   of Beijing
AU Lv FR; Lu YJ; Tang HP
TC 2
SO ENV SCI
PY 2024
AB Haze is a pollution phenomenon that has become increasingly frequent in
   recent years, primarily composed of SO2, NOx, and particulate matter.  Since
   the "PM2.5 Crisis" in 2013, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region has been
   plagued by haze.  After a series of high-intensity management activities,
   the air quality in Beijing has continued to improve.  To investigate the
   effectiveness of the haze control measures in Beijing, a dynamic management
   model was constructed using the system dynamics approach and implemented
   using Stella software.  The model is simulated and evaluated the
   contribution to different governance strategies (increasing investment in
   science and technology innovation, reducing motor vehicle ownership,
   reducing coal consumption, and a combination policy) to reduce haze in
   Beijing from 2010 to 2025. The validity and robustness of the model were
   verified through model testing and validation.  The simulation results
   showed that: (1) the combination policy has the most significant effect on
   reducing energy consumption and pollution emissions, which would reduce
   energy consumption by 38.93 million tons and pollution emissions by 128.33
   thousand tons in 2025, (2) among the single treatment measures, reducing
   industrial coal consumption is the most effective measure to reducing haze,
   (3) it is necessary to strengthen the joint prevention and control of the
   Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region in the future to promote the sustainable
   development of the regional environment.
DE system dynamics model; combination policy; haze management; governance
   effect; sustainable development
ID air pollution; influential factors; spatial spillover; power-generation;
   china; emissions; policy; transformation; consumption; impacts

---

UT 13
AR Purwanto A, 2021, SUSTAIN PROD CONSUMP, V25, P198, DOI
   10.1016/j.spc.2020.08.009
TI Quantitative simulation of the water-energy-food (WEF) security nexus in a
   local planning context in indonesia
AU Purwanto A; Susnik J; Suryadi FX; de Fraiture C
TC 61
SO SUSTAIN PROD CONSUM
PY 2021
AB The process of planning and evaluation for local development, especially in
   the critical sectors of water, energy and food (WEF) should be conducted
   using a holistic, integrated approach in an attempt to bring the improvement
   in water, energy and food security in a region.  System dynamics models are
   one of the tools for simulation and assessment of the system-wide impacts
   caused by local interventions.  This research develops a stock-flow diagram
   (SFD) of WEF security in a local context to be used in analysing the impacts
   of implementing three planned policy interventions in Karawang Regency,
   Indonesia.  STELLA Professional software is employed to build the SFD and
   conduct simulation of the WEF security nexus, and is based on a previously
   developed qualitative causal loop model of the same system (the Karawang WEF
   security (K-WEFS) model). In the quantitative SFD, four scenarios are
   developed and assessed in this study; (i) population growth changes; (ii)
   agricultural land conversion rate changes; (iii) changes in the development
   of artificial ponds and solar energy; and (iv) per-capita resource
   consumption changes.  The results show several interesting findings related
   to the WEF security nexus, available resources per person (APP) and self-
   sufficiency levels (SSL) of resources in business as usual conditions and
   under planned interventions.  Potentially unanticipated detrimental indirect
   impacts of policy interventions are highlighted.  This dynamic support tool
   could be applied in other local regions to improve the evaluation and
   planning process of water, energy and food sectors in a holistic manner.
   (C) 2020 Institution of Chemical Engineers.  Published by Elsevier B.V. All
   rights reserved.
DE system dynamics; water-energy-food ( wef ) security; nexus modeling; policy
   analysis; evaluation and planning; karawang; indonesia
ID system dynamics approach; management

---

UT 14
AR Dasgupta D, 2017, ENVIRON DEV SUSTAIN, V19, P1473, DOI
   10.1007/s10668-016-9815-6
TI Scenario of future e-waste generation and recycle-reuse-landfill-based
   disposal pattern in India: a system dynamics approach
AU Dasgupta D; Debsarkar A; Hazra T; Bala BK; Gangopadhyay A; Chatterjee D
TC 38
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2017
AB The fundamental requirements of the e-waste management system are the
   forecasting of the future generation of e-waste and in situ planning to
   minimize the risk.  The prediction analysis (a simulation exercise with base
   year 2012 and end year 2025) for several e-waste items (desktop, notebook,
   refrigerator, television and washing machine) reflects an increasing waste
   generation pattern.  The present study deals with the prediction of e-waste
   generation and the percentage distribution of e-waste through different
   disposal pathways (landfill, second-hand market and recycling) based on the
   system dynamics approach (using STELLA software, version 8.0) for the
   purpose of improved management practice in near future in India.  During the
   prediction of disposal options, the role, importance and functionality of
   various pathways are also critically analyzed.  The simulation results
   indicate that the specific route of e-waste disposal will largely control
   the e-waste generation in India as informal sectors, in future, will solely
   utilize recycle and reuse pathways due to the economics of the specific
   components of the generated e-waste.  On the other hand, the percentage of
   landfillable e-waste will decrease from 8.06 to 6.54 % within a decade
   (2012-2025). Finally, the study emphasizes on delineation of a well-composed
   guideline for policy orientation to protect the human health and
   environment, as e-waste items and their various components often emit toxic
   substances particularly during informal trade chain practices.
DE system dynamics; simulation; e-waste generation; electronics appliances
ID electronic waste; management; contamination; water; model; lake

---

UT 15
AR Raj A, 2023, UPSTREAM OIL GAS TEC, V11, DOI 10.1016/j.upstre.2023.100090
TI System Dynamics Approach to Evaluate the Oil and Gas Supply Chain: A Case
   Study
AU Raj A; Mali BS; Kumar B; Sen Singh C; Nainawat GK
TC 3
SO UPSTREAM OIL GAS TECHNOL
PY 2023
AB The worldwide economic shock caused by the COVID-19 outbreak has widespread
   and dramatic effects on the energy sector [1]. The World Health Organization
   (WHO) declared the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic by early March 2020,
   which resulted in the imposition of partial to complete lockdown in almost
   all countries and territories worldwide.  This unprecedented shock has led
   oil and gas markets through a strong supply and trade adjustment, resulting
   in historically low spot prices and a drastic fall in demand [1]. Since the
   oil and gas supply chain is very dynamic in nature, the disturbances in
   maintenance operations and routine work in the oil and gas industry may
   result in heavy disruptions in the oil and gas industry by affecting the
   various areas like workforce, production, and storage in the supply chain
   [1,2]. This study is oriented towards the comprehensive study of the
   upstream oil and gas supply chain, and briefly discusses the complete oil
   gas supply chain.  We have investigated the disruption in the supply chain
   based on the comparative study of the pre-pandemic and post-pandemic
   situations.  The most affected areas of the supply chain due to the
   disruptions are termed as 'Hotspots' and these disruptions are imitated by
   developing a model in Stella software, implementing the system dynamics
   approach.  Further, the model has worked for one fiscal year by providing
   data input of oil/gas prices, current and forecasted demand and impact of
   COVID -19 is analysed.
DE oil and gas industry; resilience; supply chain; system dynamics; covid-19
   pandemic
ID products

---

UT 16
AR Luo SH, 2024, BMC HEAL SERV RES, V24, DOI 10.1186/s12913-024-12113-6
TI Forecast of total health expenditure on China's ageing population: a system
   dynamics model
AU Luo SH; Zhang JL; Heffernan M
TC 2
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2024
AB BackgroundChina is currently at a turning point as its total population has
   started to decline, and therefore faces issues related to caring for an
   ageing population, which will require an increase in Total Health
   Expenditure (THE). Therefore, the ability to forecast China's future THE is
   essential.MethodsWe developed two THE System Dynamics (SD) models using
   Stella Architect 3.4 to simulate China's THE from 2000 to 2060. The constant
   prices THE SD model estimates THE under low, medium, and high Total
   Fertility Rate (TFR) scenarios.  The current prices THE SD model serves as a
   robust calibration check.  In addition, we developed a new total Gross
   Domestic Production (GDP) forecast model to estimate THE/GDP over the same
   period.ResultsOur simulation results reveal a significant upward trend in
   China's THE from 2000 to 2060. Specifically, under the low TFR scenario, THE
   is projected to reach approximately $33.4 trillion in 2015 constant USD by
   2060. However, with the introduction of efficiency impact factors, THE is
   expected to fall to around $8.6 trillion by 2060. Additionally, the per
   capita Health Expenditure is anticipated to rise from $102 in 2000 to
   roughly $30,800 by 2060, though it could see a decrease to nearly $7,900
   with efficiency improvements.  Our GDP forecast for 2060 is nearly $87
   trillion, with THE to GDP ratio expected to be about 9.7%. In our scenario
   analysis, as TFR increases, the growing new births and decreased ageing rate
   are expected to lead to a rise in THE and a decrease in per capita Health
   Expenditure.ConclusionThe efficiency of THE utilization needs to be
   improved.  Increasing TFR can help alleviate population decline and ageing
   to some extent.  Enhancing workforce productivity and sustained economic
   growth is needed to counteract the challenges posed by an ageing population.
DE total health expenditure; system dynamics; population aging; total
   population decline; total fertility rate; scenario analysis; efficiency
   impact factors; china gdp forecast; the/gdp
ID life

---

UT 17
AR Dacko M, 2010, POL J ENV STUD, V19, P699
TI Systems Dynamics in Modeling Sustainable Management of the Environment and
   Its Resources
AU Dacko M
TC 5
SO POL J ENV STUD
PY 2010
AB This article was inspired by the predator-prey relationship, a common
   concept in ecology.  Using it as our basis, we present a study on the
   subject of economic growth linked to the consumption of environmental
   resources.  Various economy-environment development scenarios are examined
   using the dynamics method and STELLA software.  Isomorphisms (i.e.
   structural similarities) between the two systems allow us to conclude that
   both growing economic savings and effectiveness, as well as higher outlays
   for initiatives aimed at offsetting deficiencies and enriching environmental
   potential, may not reverse the cyclical growth trend of the system examined.
   While attempting to discuss sustainable development at present, a thorough
   change in management paradigms should be considered.  If an environmental
   system is acted upon, its life should be sustained.  Truly lasting economic
   and environmental growth is based on drawing benefits from life-giving
   feedback.
DE systems dynamics; sustainable development; predator-prey relationship;
   management of the environment

---

UT 18
AR Marzouk M, 2017, ENERGY BUILD, V134, P143, DOI 10.1016/j.enbuild.2016.10.034
TI Analyzing sustainability in low-income housing projects using system
   dynamics
AU Marzouk M; Azab S
TC 15
SO ENERGY BUILD
PY 2017
AB Low-Income Housing (LIH) projects have a vital role in developing countries
   as they serve a large sector of society; hence, they are considered one of
   the most important projects funded by governments.  The total Life-Cycle
   Cost (LCC) of these projects is incurred during the use phase, making these
   projects lose its economic aspect of sustainability.  Therefore, it is
   important to decrease the costs of such projects during their life cycle,
   taking into consideration the available resources.  This paper focuses on
   two aspects of the sustainability of building through its life cycle;
   environmental and economic.  For this purpose, the methodology considers
   reasonable costs that fit LIH projects using environmentally friendly
   materials.  The methodology is based on assessing the LCC of LIH projects,
   taking into consideration initial cost and operation costs.  The paper
   focuses on green-building materials with minimal cost, corresponding to the
   maximum number of points awarded under the Leadership in Energy and
   Environmental Design (LEED) rating system.  This methodology is developed
   through the formulation of the System Dynamics (SD) model using a STELLA
   software package.  The proposed model is capable of considering the dynamic
   nature and interactions among major variables affecting the assessment of
   economic and environmental performances of selected green materials.  The
   proposed assessment methodology helps the decision makers in governmental
   housing authorities to modify the current management policies for improving
   the current situation of LIH. In addition, it aids government and/or
   contractors to minimize LCC while achieving maximum LEED material credit
   points for LIH projects.  A detailed case study in Egypt is presented to
   clarify the practical features of the proposed model.  (C) 2016 Elsevier
   B.V. All rights reserved.
DE low-income housing ( lih ); system dynamics modeling; sustainability; green
   building; leed; life-cycle cost ( lcc )
ID earthmoving operations; material selection; waste management; simulation
   model; optimization; construction; lessons

---

UT 19
AR Tan WJ, 2018, OCEAN COAST MANAG, V153, P131, DOI
   10.1016/j.ocecoaman.2017.12.012
TI Integrated coastal-zone management for sustainable tourism using a decision
   support system based on system dynamics: A case study of Cijin, Kaohsiung,
   Taiwan
AU Tan WJ; Yang CF; Château PA; Lee MT; Chang YC
TC 64
SO OCEAN COAST MANAG
PY 2018
AB Kaohsiung is the largest port city in Taiwan, where the offshore island of
   Cijin forms a natural breakwater for the Kaohsiung harbor.  With its
   abundant recreational resources and convenient accessibility, the small
   island of Cijin attracts many tourists during weekends.  Although the highly
   developed tourism has led to significant economic benefits, it has also
   caused pollution and unbalanced development, which have severely degraded
   the coastal environment and marine ecosystem.  By using the System Dynamics
   (SD) approach, we developed an effective integrated coastal zone management
   Decision Support System (DSS) to address this problem.  A SD model, based on
   the driving-force, state, and response indicator set, was employed to enable
   integration of the numerous interlinked factors causing this problem.  A
   user-friendly DSS based on the SD model was implemented using the STELLA
   software.  This DSS enables decision makers to perform scenario analysis
   easily by allowing them to incorporate their decision preferences.  Several
   policies were developed in this study and the DSS was used to assess their
   performance regarding the sustainable development of coastal tourism in
   Cijin.
DE decision support system ( dss ); driving forces states and response ( dsr )
   indicators; integrated coastal zone management ( iczm ); sustainable
   development indicator; system dynamics ( sd )
ID information-systems; delphi; indicators; framework; wetland

---

UT 20
AR Caulfield C, 2011, INT J COMPUT SCI NETW SECUR, V11, P43
TI Implementing System Dynamics Models in Java
AU Caulfield C; Veal D; Maj SP
TC 0
SO INT J COMPUT SCI NETW SECUR
PY 2011
AB For a research project into the value of serious games - games that teach
   and educate - in software engineering and project management education, a
   game called Simsoft was developed.  Two keys parts of Simsoft were the
   system dynamics engine that captured the fundamental causal relationships of
   the software project being modelled; and the Java dashboard through which
   the players entered their project decisions.  Java also provided a means of
   saving the players individual decisions so these could later be analysed and
   replayed.  While there are currently no Java libraries for implementing
   system dynamic models, a system dynamics model is simply a collection of
   non-linear differential equations, and open-source Java libraries for these
   do exist.  Therefore, it is possible to implement a system dynamics model in
   Java and take advantage of the features of a powerful, general purpose
   programming language.  This paper describes how the model behind Simsoft was
   created using system dynamics modeling tool called iThink and how the model
   was subsequently implemented in Java using the Apache Commons Mathematics
   library.
DE system dynamics; java; ithink; serious games

---

UT 21
AR Java O, 2020, BALT J MOD COMPUT, V8, P379, DOI 10.22364/bjmc.2020.8.3.01
TI Hydrological Model for Decision-Making: Mannikjarve Bog Case Study, Estonia
AU Java O; Kohv M; Löhmus A
TC 3
SO BALT J MOD COMPUT
PY 2020
AB In order to support the conservation of bog ecosystem over its geographic
   range and its genetic diversity, marginal areas of lower quality as a result
   of damage or degradation which abut active raised bogs may need to be
   included, protected and, where practicable, regenerated.  There are very few
   intact or near-intact raised bogs in Europe, except in Finland and Sweden
   where active raised bogs are the predominant mire complex type in hemiboreal
   and southern boreal regions (European Commission, 2013). Leaf area index is
   an important parameter as it emblematize vegetation.  After the construction
   of drainage, bogs usually become overgrown with trees, the restoration of
   the ecosystem requires vegetation manipulation.  There are many degraded
   bogs in Estonia and Latvia that have overgrown with trees, and this type of
   simulation model would help to calculate the right tree cutting intensity to
   reduce the impact of evaporation and interception of trees on the water
   balance of the bog, thereby contributing to the restoration of the bogs.
   This article describes the case study of Mannikjarve's bog where system
   dynamics simulation model for decision-making, built in Stella Architect
   environment, was validated.
DE simulation modeling; hydrological modeling; system dynamics; bog
   restoration; model validation

---

UT 22
AR Wang BF, 2021, WATER, V13, DOI 10.3390/w13243534
TI Analysis and Prediction of Sustainable Utilization of Water Resources in
   Chengde City Based on System Dynamics Model
AU Wang BF; Tian YT; Li XJ/1; Li CH
TC 5
SO WATER
PY 2021
AB In addition to the social economy and the rapid development of industry and
   agriculture, water demand is increasing and poses challenges in the over-
   exploitation of water resources.  This research establishes a model to
   assess the sustainable exploitation of water resources based on system
   dynamics theory and STELLA software, which solves the imbalanced allocation
   of industrial water, agricultural water and domestic water.  The model is
   composed of two parts: the water quantity system (including economy,
   population, water availability and water demand) and the water quality
   system (composed of the aquatic environment), which is suitable for Chengde
   City with a water resource shortage.  The proposed model is established by
   data of Chengde City from 2007 to 2016 and is verified by 2017 data.
   Furthermore, in order to compare the water quality and water utilization of
   Chengde City under different development scenarios up to 2025, the
   sensitivity analysis of each variable (e.g., population) is carried out in
   this model, and thereby the water resource utilization scenarios are
   acquired.  Specifically, four scenarios are designed and denoted: Scenario
   1: keeping the status quo unchanged, Scenario 2: slowing down economic
   development and devoting more energy to environmental protection, Scenario
   3: only focusing more on economic development and Scenario 4: aiming at
   steady and rapid economic growth and an eco-friendly environment.  The
   results shows that Scenarios 2 and 3 facilitate high-effective water
   resource utilization compared with the current development, Scenario 1.
   Scenario 4 fosters the balance of water resources supply-demand in the
   future and preserves the water quality.  This study provides an inspiring
   method for realizing the sustainable utilization and optimizing allocation
   of water resources in Chengde City.
DE water resources; system dynamics; sustainable utilization; water quantity
   and quality; chengde city
ID management; optimization

---

UT 23
AR Tseng CH, 2021, HELIYON, V7, DOI 10.1016/j.heliyon.2021.e08361
TI Development of a system dynamics model for dioxin flow and its application
   to the energy sector
AU Tseng CH; Chen LL; Su SM
TC 2
SO HELIYON
PY 2021
AB Dioxin pollution has been problematic in Taiwan.  Although the government
   has established emission standards and emission inventory to control dioxin
   pollution, such efforts only apply to pollution emissions; no attempt has
   been made to understand the flow of dioxins in different environmental
   media.  In this study, the STELLA software was used to model the flow
   pattern of dioxins in various media.  This model and the RAIDAR model
   established by the Canadian Environmental Model Research Center were used to
   simulate dioxin flow in Taiwan, and their results were compared with the
   measured values.  The accuracies of the RAIDAR and STELLA models were 63.92%
   and 49.78%, respectively.  This shows that the simulation with the STELLA
   model provided results closer to the measured values and that the error was
   less than ten times that of the RAIDAR model, indicating that the proposed
   model is predictive.  In addition, we used the results of a system dynamics
   model for dioxin flow and an air resource co-benefits (ARCoB) model to apply
   the obtained results to the energy sector to quantify the co-benefits of
   reducing dioxin, greenhouse gas, and air pollutant emissions on the basis of
   the policy target for the year 2030. The total co-benefits of natural gas
   and renewable energy (RE) scenarios were US$9.63 billion and US$12.57
   billion, respectively; the benefit-cost ratios were 2.89 and 20.67,
   respectively.  The development of an RE policy as an alternative to a coal-
   fired power generation policy will contribute to the best co-benefits of
   integrated reductions and will also contribute to human health.
DE system dynamics model; stella; dioxin flow; arcob model; energy sector; co-
   benefit
ID greenhouse gas reduction; air-quality management; health co-benefits;
   climate-change; emissions; waste; incineration; pollutants; strategies;
   ozone

---

UT 24
AR Nasirzadeh H, 2021, ENERGY POLIC, V148, DOI 10.1016/j.enpol.2020.111963
TI Investment analysis in privatization of National Iranian Drilling Company
   using systems dynamics and BWM technique
AU Nasirzadeh H; Amin-Tahmasbi H; Khalili HA
TC 11
SO ENERGY POLIC
PY 2021
AB In this study, using system dynamics approaches and multi-criteria decision-
   making, the investment analysis in the privatization of the National Iranian
   Drilling Company is investigated.  For this purpose, key variables and
   factors influencing identification privatization and causal relationships
   between these variables are plotted in two causal loop diagram, stock and
   flow diagram in systems dynamics approach.  Then the results are simulated
   in Vensim software from 2018 to 2025 and various investment scenarios for
   privatization are investigated.  Also, using multi-criteria decision-making
   approach based on BWM technique, investment priorities were identified in
   each dimension of EFQM empowerment.  The results of the system dynamics
   approach show that all aspects of privatization don't have the same impact
   on firm performance.  The results of the present study will also contribute
   to the development of research literature in the field of privatization, and
   the proposed approach of the article can be used as a tool in the hands of
   managers and government officials to show them where and on what basis they
   should start privatization.
DE privatization; system dynamics; national iranian drilling company; best  and
   worst method
ID impact

---

UT 25
AR Orji IJ, 2015, COMPUT IND ENG, V88, P1, DOI 10.1016/j.cie.2015.06.019
TI An innovative integration of fuzzy-logic and systems dynamics in sustainable
   supplier selection: A case on manufacturing industry
AU Orji IJ; Wei S
TC 125
SO COMPUT IND ENG
PY 2015
AB Globally, supply chains compete in a complex and rapidly changing
   environment.  Hence, sustainable supplier selection has become a decisive
   variable in the firm's financial success.  This requires reliable tools and
   techniques to select the best sustainable supplier and enhance understanding
   about how supplier behavior evolves with time.  System dynamics (SD) is an
   approach to investigate the dynamic behavior in which the system status
   alterations correspond to the system variable changes.  Fuzzy logic usually
   solves the challenges of imprecise data and ambiguous human judgment.  Thus,
   this work presents a novel modeling approach of integrating information on
   supplier behavior in fuzzy environment with system dynamics simulation
   modeling technique which results in a more reliable and responsible decision
   support system.  Supplier behavior with respect to relevant sustainability
   criteria in the past, current and future time horizons were sourced through
   expert interviews and simulated in Vensim to select the best possible
   sustainable supplier.  Simulation results show that an increase in the rate
   of investment in sustainability by the different suppliers causes an
   exponential increase in total sustainability performance of the suppliers.
   Also, the growth rate of the total performance of suppliers outruns their
   rate of investment in sustainability after about 12 months.  A dynamic
   multi-criteria decision making model was presented to compare results from
   the systems dynamics model.  (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE fuzzy logic; supplier selection; sustainability; systems dynamics
ID multi criteria approach; chain; performance; model; topsis; algorithm

---

UT 26
AR Umeda JE, 2020, BRAZ ORAL RES, V34, DOI 10.1590/1807-3107bor-2020.vol34.0017
TI System dynamics modeling for tooth decay treatment in Brazilian children
AU Umeda JE; Chichakly K; Passos GF; Terada RSS; Pascotto RC; Fujimaki M
TC 4
SO BRAZ ORAL RES
PY 2020
AB Prevention and health promotion are considered important strategies to
   control oral diseases.  Dental caries is preventable disease and remains the
   most common chronic disease that affects mainly low income children and
   still considered the main cause of tooth loss in adulthood in Brazil.  The
   aim of this study is to present a System Dynamics model (SDM) specifically
   developed with the Stella Architect software to estimate the cost and
   clinical hours required to control the evolution of dental caries in
   preschool children in Maringa, Brazil.  Two main strategies to control
   caries were considered in the model: the application of fluoride varnish on
   teeth presenting white spots, and the use of Atraumatic Restorative
   Treatment (ART) in cavitated carious lesions without pulp involvement.  The
   parameters used in the model were: number of people covered by a local oral
   health team = 4,000; number of children up to 5 years = 7% of the
   population; children's decayed, missing, filled teeth (dmft) index = 2.4;
   time/cost of 4 applications of fluoride varnish = 5 minutes/US$ 0.716; and
   time/cost of each ART restoration = 15 minutes/US$ 1.475. The SDM generated
   an estimated total cost of US$698.00, and a total of 112 clinical hours to
   treat the population in question.  The use of the SDM presented here has the
   potential to assist decision making by measuring the material and human
   resources required to prevent and control dental caries at an early age.
DE systems analysis; dental-caries; dentists; dental atraumatic restorative
   treatment
ID atraumatic restorative treatment; dental-caries; treatment art; health;
   management; dentition; survival; impact

---

UT 27
AR Reza JRD, 2025, SUSTAIN FUTUR, V9, DOI 10.1016/j.sftr.2025.100551
TI Achieving strategic goals by continuous improvement and lean manufacturing
   implementation: A structural equation model -system dynamics approach
AU Reza JRD; Alcaraz JLG; Ramírez CS; López JAG; Vargas AR; Alvarez JLR
TC 4
SO SUSTAIN FUTUR
PY 2025
AB Companies implement lean manufacturing tools (LMT) jointly to align with
   their strategic goals, and Mexican maquiladoras are no exception; however,
   little is known about the relationship between them or when these goals are
   achieved.  In this paper, we present a structural equation model (SEM) that
   integrates five LMT, where Kaizen (KAI) as a continuous improvement program
   is the independent variable and Hoshin Kanri (HOK) as an alignment to
   objectives and as a dependent variable, with Kanban (KAN), Total Quality
   Management (TQM), and Poka Yoke (POY) as mediating tools, which are related
   by six hypotheses.  The model was validated with information from 411
   responses to a questionnaire applied to the Mexican maquiladora industry
   using the partial least squares approach in the WarpPLS v.8 software.  Then,
   with the direct effects from the SEM, equations of the relationships between
   the variables are constructed and simulated using the system dynamics
   technique with Stella Architect v.3.0.1 to determine when LMTs reach
   adequate levels of implementation.  The findings indicate that KAN, TQM, and
   POY reached implementation levels in approximately eight years, but KAI and
   HOK took up to 13 years, which may be due to constant changes in improvement
   approaches and strategic goals in response to the dynamism of globalized
   production systems.
DE lean manufacturing; strategic goals; kaizen; hoshin kanri; tqm
ID kanban system

---

UT 28
AR Blumberga A, 2024, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V41, P876, DOI 10.1002/sres.3074
TI Using an interactive simulation tool of national energy and climate policy
   planning to explore environmental policy options from the perspectives of
   different interest groups
AU Blumberga A
TC 2
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2024
AB To reach the Paris Agreement goals, European governments have defined
   national contributions to the EU binding climate goals and have developed
   national climate and energy plans for 2021-2030 (NECPs). NECPs are detailed
   strategies in which governments can flexibly emphasize specific sectors,
   technologies and national energy policy choices.  Every country has built
   its own energy modelling capacity for forecasting purposes.  In most
   countries, this national modelling relies on optimization tools such as
   Markal or TIMES. For Latvia's energy sector, a system dynamics (SD) model
   was built to complement the TIMES model.  The SD model deals with an
   integrated energy system, including the primary energy supply and
   transformation sector; energy distribution and storage system; and energy
   demand sectors (residential, tertiary, public, industry and transportation).
   Sectoral policies are presented in the Stella Architect interface.  This
   study demonstrates how the interactive simulation tool was used in the
   Environmental Engineering Master level course 'Environmental Policy and
   Economics' as an experiential learning approach.  The student assignment
   involved applying this tool to develop and analyse the energy transition
   policy package for one of four ideological interest groups: deep greens,
   bright greens, light greens and greys.  Students had to assume a role and
   adopt its perspective by applying their border-crossing competence and
   reflecting on selected policy mixes for that ideology.  Various transition
   pathways, based on different ideologies, illustrate the possibilities for
   application.  Results show that students were successful in fulfilling the
   assignment.
DE energy and climate policy; interactive simulation tool; system dynamics
ID serious games; life-style; green

---

UT 29
AR Tolujevs J, 2018, TRANSP TELECOMMUN J, V19, P1, DOI 10.2478/ttj-2018-0001
TI INVESTIGATION OF ROAD TRANSPORT ENTERPRISE FUNCTIONING ON THE BASIS OF
   SYSTEM DYNAMICS
AU Tolujevs J; Shedenov O; Askarov G
TC 5
SO TRANSP TELECOMMUN J
PY 2018
AB The work is devoted to the study of the possibilities to apply the System
   Dynamics method for the analysis of processes at the road transport
   enterprises.  The study contains a concise review on examples of three
   simulation paradigms application for creating models, associated with the
   road motor transport.  The following paradigms were under consideration:
   Discrete Event, Agent Based, and System Dynamics.  Furthermore, the paper
   describes the causal loop diagram designed using the principles of system
   dynamics.  This diagram is a qualitative model that represents the
   relationships between the main factors affecting the performance indicators
   of a road transport enterprise.  The quantitative model constructed using
   the principles of system dynamics is also represented.  The mentioned model
   reflects the process of functioning of a road transport enterprise during
   the year.  The model is developed using Vensim simulation software.
DE road transport; simulation; system dynamics; vensim
ID freight transport; simulation; models

---

UT 30
AR de Assis RF, 2021, INT J ADV MANUF TECHNOL, V114, P3537, DOI
   10.1007/s00170-021-07053-y
TI Translating value stream maps into system dynamics models: a practical
   framework
AU de Assis RF; de Santa-Eulalia LA; Ferreira WD; Armellini F; Anholon R;
   Rampasso IS; dos Santos JGCL
TC 22
SO INT J ADV MANUF TECHNOL
PY 2021
AB One of the best-known tools from Lean Thinking is the Value Stream Mapping
   (VSM), which stands for a visual modelling approach allowing the
   identification of critical steps in a supply chain, thus helping to identify
   organisational bottlenecks and wastes.  Despite its relevance, VSM is based
   on a static report from the time the mapping was performed.  To add dynamism
   to VSM analysis, computer-based simulations can be employed; however, little
   is done in the domain of Systems Dynamics (SD), a known modelling approach
   usually employed to get insights about stock and flows behaviour.  In this
   context, this research aims to propose a practical framework called VSM-to-
   SD to help modellers easily translate VSM into System Dynamics quantitative
   models using the notation of two known modelling tools on the market, namely
   Stella(C) and Vensim(C). To demonstrate its usefulness and ease-of-use, a
   proof-of-concept is developed in an industrial case study.  Results suggest
   the efficiency of the VSM-to-SD framework, including its ability to
   straightforwardly generate simulation-based VSM, allowing analytic
   comparisons of different simulation scenarios, and expanding the analytic
   decision-making capacity of managers desiring to go further than traditional
   and static VSM.
DE lean manufacturing; value stream mapping; simulation modeling; system
   dynamics; vensim; stella
ID fdm

---

UT 31
AR Retuerto MG, 2021, INT J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL, V12, P537
TI System Dynamics Modeling for Solid Waste Management in Lima Peru
AU Retuerto MG; Espinoza DY; Andrade-Arenas L
TC 7
SO INT J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL
PY 2021
AB This research work focuses on environmental care based on the treatment of
   solid, organic and inorganic waste.  These inappropriate wastes cause
   deterioration of the environment and the ozone layer.  This is why we are
   currently seeing an abrupt change in climate and diseases caused by
   environmental pollution.  The objective of the research work is to perform a
   system dynamics modeling for effective and efficient solid waste management
   in Lima Peru, and thus contribute to the scientific community to achieve a
   future vision for solid waste management.  The methodology used was system
   dynamics, which made it possible to analyze and understand the behavior of a
   complex solid waste system in a given time.  In addition, vensim software
   was used for system dynamics modeling, creating the causal diagram and
   forrester diagram for solid waste management.  The results obtained are the
   system dynamics modeling proposed for solid waste management, which were
   modeled from 2020 to 2030, where by 2030 it will be reduced in favorable
   equilibrium to 23,066 tons.  Thanks to this system dynamics modeling,
   society will be made aware of the need to sort and use solid waste, in order
   to reduce environmental pollution.  Likewise, having a healthy environment
   that will benefit health, agriculture and education will benefit society as
   a whole.
DE causal diagram; environmental pollution; forrester diagram; systems
   dynamics; vensim

---

UT 32
AR Barabanova M, 2018, ECON ANN-XXI, V173, P32, DOI 10.21003/ea.V173-05
TI Use of system dynamics tools in value-oriented approach in management
AU Barabanova M; Lebedeva L; Rastova Y; Uvarov S
TC 4
SO ECON ANN-XXI
PY 2018
AB The article is based upon assumption that in search for best sustainability
   any organization is leaning towards the value-oriented approach in
   management.  This approach is grounded in the stakeholder theory, and
   addresses needs and expectations of consumers and other stakeholders on a
   long-term basis.  When contributing to the best practices, companies produce
   shared values, able to act as a social power, to enter into the public
   consciousness, and to transform into behavioural norms.  At the same time,
   these practices support best handling of resources and opportunities thus
   leading companies to success.  The system dynamics model presents
   enterprises with potential strategies grounded in the target indicators,
   provides objective assessment of the target indicators sensitivity to
   changes at one or several parameters, sets and corrects their controllable
   limits, identifies specific causes of variation and, thus, insures necessary
   adjustments to the business management.  Today, the system dynamics
   modelling is supported with mathematical software: Maple, MathCAD, Maxima,
   AnyLogic, Vensim, iThink (computer experiments software). In our research,
   we support the idea to develop methodology and improve practices of value-
   oriented approach in organization management based upon key tools of process
   efficiency, i.e.  the system dynamics model.  To build a system model and to
   run simulation analysis, we used AnyLogic software system.  In this
   research, system dynamics model is tested against the case of supply chain
   management in the food industries, which include production facilities of
   high seasonal demand and products distribution network.  To meet volatile
   demand, the company keeps certain stock of products in the chain of regional
   warehouses, and shipping the products as soon as new order is received.  The
   market conditions and customer requirements are such that if the products
   cannot be shipped to the customer on time, then they buy these products from
   other sources.  the system works steadily and does not require adjustments.
   Minor fluctuations in demand also do not break the system's balance.  The
   system works steadily and does not require adjustments.  Minor fluctuations
   in demand also do not break the system's balance.  Simulation of seasonal
   demand increase (40% seasonal upsurge) proved the rate of new production
   shifts is almost twice higher than that of demand and two times smaller than
   the production cycle length.  The experiment draws us to the following
   conclusions.  The first response to increased demand is the shrink of stocks
   due to the delivery delays because of the duration of production cycle.  A
   natural reaction of the company to such sharp reduction in stocks is
   striving for extreme intensification in reply to the demand upsurge.  This
   causes a multiplicative effect.  Since the stocks are initially shrinking,
   the only way to meet such shortfall is to raise the production rate above
   the shipments rate.  The production shall exceed the shipments rate by
   sufficiently in volume and time to replenish the stocks in full.  The
   launching peak value should lag behind the moment when the demand increases.
   The output adjustment reaches maximum at the moment when the stocks reach
   its minimum.  The stocks start to grow only when the output rate exceeds the
   shipments rate which is always with delay.  The research concludes on how to
   assess the response of targeted strategic indicators to the changes in one
   or more parameters of the system dynamics model.  Our conclusions also help
   to determine controlled variation limits of the key performance indicators
   and causes of variation, and hint on how to implement rational adjustments
   as well.  The application of system dynamics tools in performance
   forecasting to better address customers and other stakeholders' expectations
   and needs would allow enterprises to introduce value-oriented approach in
   management on a long-term balanced basis and to strengthen their competitive
   advantages.
DE value-oriented approach; management; system dynamics; enterprise; system;
   system dynamics tools; food industry

---

UT 33
AR Martínez-Marín S, 2020, SOC SCI-BASEL, V9, DOI 10.3390/socsci9020012
TI Cluster Competitiveness Modeling: An Approach with Systems Dynamics
AU Martínez-Marín S; Puello-Pereira N; Ovallos-Gazabon D
TC 5
SO SOC SCI-BASEL
PY 2020
AB This study makes a systemic review to cluster and create a competitiveness
   relationship considering a systems dynamics approach.  A dynamic hypothesis
   was constructed to validate what factors increase a cluster's level of
   competitiveness, through causal analysis.  Then, the causal diagram that
   validates the dynamic H0 hypothesis was constructed in Vensim PLE
   systems((R)). Literature review shows the evolution of the cluster system
   according to the current needs of the market, and emphasizes the need for
   new approaches and models that capture the complexity and dynamics of this
   system, allowing the understanding of its structure and the evaluation of
   the contribution of factors and capabilities to cluster competitiveness.  It
   highlights the usefulness of systems dynamics as a simulation methodology
   for dynamic and complex systems, and establishes itself as a growing line of
   research applied to various systems of study.  Dynamic hypothesis H0 was
   validated using the causal diagram, reaching the conclusion that innovation,
   productive management, financial management, organizational management,
   commercial management, and cluster management factors positively increase
   the cluster competitiveness level.  From structure analysis, the behavior is
   associated to the archetype "Path Dependence", usual in growing industrial
   markets.
DE competitiveness; cluster; system dynamics; dynamic hypothesis; causal
   diagram
ID industrial clusters; supply chains; performance; innovation; policy;
   capabilities; growth; connectivity; perspective; strategies

---

UT 34
AR Tseng CH, 2019, J CLEAN PROD, V239, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2019.118006
TI System dynamics modeling of waste management, greenhouse gas emissions, and
   environmental costs from convenience stores
AU Tseng CH; Hsu YC; Chen YC/1
TC 28
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2019
AB The municipal solid waste (MSW), food waste, and spent coffee grounds (SCG)
   generated by the fast-growing convenience store market is expected to affect
   the environment.  In this study, six waste management scenarios and their
   greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and environmental costs were evaluated using
   a system dynamics model from STELLA software.  A maximum GHG mitigation of
   24.22% was reached when both food waste and SCG were anaerobically digested
   with energy recovery.  Energy recovery from waste management is helpful for
   GHG mitigation, but its effects are limited.  Recycling MSW is the most
   costly method of waste management, followed by incineration and anaerobic
   digestion.  The highest environmental revenue US$ 5332/y was achieved in the
   third scenario with highest GHG mitigation.  To meet the requirements of
   corporate social responsibility, businesses could use the method established
   in this study to evaluate the environmental impacts of their GHG emissions
   and associated costs.  (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE cost; energy; food waste; greenhouse gas; spent coffee grounds; waste
ID municipal; construction; generation

---

UT 35
AR Bekteshi S, 2015, J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST-JSDEWES, V3, P303, DOI
   10.13044/j.sdewes.2015.03.0023
TI Dynamic Modeling of Kosovo's Electricity Supply-Demand, Gaseous Emissions
   and Air Pollution
AU Bekteshi S; Kabashi S; Ahmetaj S; Slaus I; Zidansek A; Podrimqaku K;
   Kastrati S
TC 8
SO J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST-JSDEWES
PY 2015
AB In this paper is described the developing of an integrated electricity
   supply-demand, gaseous emission and air pollution model for study of
   possible baseline electricity developments and available options to mitigate
   emissions.  This model is constructed in STELLA software, which makes use of
   Systems Dynamics Modeling as the methodology.  Several baseline scenarios
   have been developed from this model and a set of options of possible
   developments of Kosovo's Electricity Supply-Demand and Gaseous Emissions are
   investigated.  The analysis of various scenarios results in Medium Growth
   Scenarios (MGS) that imply building of generation capacities and increase in
   participation of the electricity generation from renewable sources.  MGS
   would be 10% of the total electricity generation and ensure sustainable
   development of the electricity sector.  At the same time, by implementation
   of new technologies, this would be accompanied by reduced Greenhouse Gases
   (GHG) (CO2 and NOx) emissions by 60% and significant reduction for air
   pollutants (dust and SO2) by 40% compared to the Business-As-Usual (BAU)
   case.  Conclusively, obtained results show that building of new generation
   capacities by introducing new technologies and orientation on
   environmentally friendly energy sources can ensure sustainable development
   of the electricity sector in Kosovo.
DE modeling; electricity demand; electricity supply; emissions; scenarios;
   system dynamics

---

UT 36
AR Canales FA, 2014, REV ELECTRON GEST EDUC TECHNOL AMBIENT, V18, P1207, DOI
   10.5902/2236117014314
TI System Dynamics for sequencing batch reactors modeling
AU Canales FA; Mendes CAB
TC 0
SO REV ELECTRON GEST EDUC TECHNOL AMBIENT
PY 2014
AB Wastewater treatment by sequencing batch reactors is a variation of the
   activated-sludge process, because they combine all of the treatment steps
   and processes into a single tank.  This paper presents a model created in
   Vensim and based on system dynamics with the aim of simulating the filling
   and depletion of the tanks in a wastewater treatment system by sequencing
   batch reactors, considering a high variability of the inflow along the day.
   The system shown is comprised of two tanks, a bypass, and an optional
   influent equalization basin.  Some examples are included to illustrate the
   capacity of the model to simulate different system configurations, something
   that is supported by the results of these examples.  The model can be
   adapted to include characteristics of similar wastewater treatment systems,
   allowing the evaluation of different conditions depending on the
   characteristics of wastewater inflows and physical or chemical features of
   the treatment plant.
DE system dynamics; sequencing batch reactors; vensim

---

UT 37
AR Honti G, 2019, DATA BR, V27, DOI 10.1016/j.dib.2019.104723
TI Network analysis dataset of system dynamics models
AU Honti G; Dörgo G; Abonyi J
TC 4
SO DATA BR
PY 2019
AB This paper presents a tool developed for the analysis of networks extracted
   from system dynamics models.  The developed tool and the collected models
   were used and analyzed in the research paper, Review and structural analysis
   of system dynamics models in sustainability science [1]. The models
   developed in Vensim, Stella, and InsightMaker are converted into networks of
   state-variables, flows, and parameters by the developed Python program that
   also performs model reduction, modularity analysis and calculates the
   structural properties of the models and its main variables.  The dataset
   covers the results of the analysis of nine models in sustainability science
   used for policy testing, prediction and simulation.  (c) 2019 The Authors.
   Published by Elsevier Inc.  This is an open access article under the CC BY
   license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
DE systems dynamics models; model analysis; network analysis; sustainability;
   cause-effect analysis

---

UT 38
AR Egieya JM, 2024, SCI ENV, V934, DOI 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2024.173289
TI Predictive simulation of the water-energy-food nexus for the City of Cape
   Town
AU Egieya JM; Parker Y; Hofmann VS; Daher B; Gorgens J; Goosen NJ
TC 5
SO SCI ENV
PY 2024
AB The City of Cape Town (CoCT), South Africa faced a critical situation
   between 2015 and 2018 in which the municipal water supply was almost
   completely exhausted.  This situation, commonly referred to as Day Zero in
   South Africa emanated from a decline in rainfall, resulting in one of the
   most severe droughts in history.  The crisis was also aggravated by rapid
   population growth and urbanization.  CoCT was on the verge of becoming the
   first city in the past decade to experience a complete cessation of water
   supply for urban and agricultural purposes.  In addition to the effects of
   low rainfall and population surge, urban energy consumption and increased
   food demand impacted directly the available water resources.  To evaluate
   the interlinkages between water utilization, water production, energy supply
   and demand, and food production and demand, this study employed a system
   dynamics modeling (SDM) approach.  The model was developed as a stock and
   flow diagram utilizing Stella Architect and encompassed five interconnected
   nodes: water, energy, food, land, and population.  The findings revealed
   that by the end of the 20 -year modeling period, the volume of accessible
   and stored water in all the major dams will be approximately 459 million
   cubic meters, with residential use accounting for about 85 % of urban water
   use and agriculture accounting for approximately30.37 % of total water
   demand.  The model illustrates the impacts of precipitation rate, runoff,
   and evaporation on variables such as land -use change and population
   dynamics.  It is anticipated that the outcomes of this study will serve as
   valuable inputs for decisionmaking processes, not only within the CoCT as it
   aims to mitigate or prevent the recurrence of Day Zero, but also for other
   cities facing similar challenges.
DE wef nexus; system dynamics modeling; climate-change; water planning;
   simulation

---

UT 39
AR Amega K, 2022, ENERGY EFFIC, V15, DOI 10.1007/s12053-022-10044-x
TI Energy efficiency impact on urban residential's electricity consumption and
   carbon dioxide reduction: a case study of Lome, Togo
AU Amega K; Lare Y; Moumouni Y
TC 1
SO ENERGY EFFIC
PY 2022
AB Urban areas' energy consumption accounts for almost three fourths the global
   energy use with 70% of the related emissions.  Therefore, cities play a
   meaningful role in decoupling economic growth from greenhouse gases (GHGs)
   emissions.  This study presents a system dynamic approach to model the
   energy efficiency impact on the Togolese capital city's residential
   electricity consumption and carbon dioxide emissions reduction.  The time
   spans from 2000 to 2050. An assessment of household appliances, such as
   lighting, refrigeration, cooling, and ventilation, was conducted along with
   monitoring electricity consumption of used and newly bought televisions,
   refrigerators, and freezers.  Then, using Stella software, Lome's
   residential electricity consumption model was built based on the following
   variables: (1) population, (2) the number of existing households with access
   to electricity, (3) new homes having access to electricity, and (4) per
   capita electricity consumption.  The model was calibrated and validated
   using data for the years 2000 to 2016. Afterward, this previous knowledge
   was used to evaluate three efficient energy policies: 1) business-as-usual
   scenario, 2) new policies scenario, and 3) sensitivity scenario.  Lome's
   households present a predominantly low efficient appliances percentage.
   Therefore, the study found that substituting inefficient electric appliances
   with new and efficient models can lead Togo to substantial energy savings
   and reduce CO2 emissions of about 680 GWh and 350 kt in the horizon of 2050,
   respectively.  Additionally, the findings of this study could stimulate
   policymakers to audit other sectors to implement related energy efficiency
   policies and/or set up corresponding energy management strategies in
   neighboring emerging countries.
DE carbon dioxide; energy efficiency; electricity consumption; residential
   sector; system dynamics
ID system dynamics; economic-growth; co2 emissions; determinants; demand;
   appliance; africa

---

UT 40
AR Sudhan SP, 2020, J TRANSP ENG PT B-PAVEMENTS, V146, DOI
   10.1061/JPEODX.0000170
TI Development of Pavement Deterioration Prediction Models for Low Volume Roads
   Using System Dynamics
AU Sudhan SP; Mathew BS; Rose S; Isaac KP
TC 7
SO J TRANSP ENG PT B-PAVEMENTS
PY 2020
AB Pavements are the basic infrastructure required for the overall economic
   development of a country.  A realistic prediction of pavement deterioration
   is mandatory for the effective maintenance of these pavements and, hence,
   for the proper functioning of a road network system.  The pavement
   deterioration process and the causative factors contributing to the
   deterioration are dynamic in nature, i.e., it varies over time.  System
   dynamics (SD) is an appropriate modeling approach that can capture the
   dynamics of pavement deterioration.  The objective of this paper is to
   develop pavement deterioration prediction models for low-volume roads using
   system dynamics.  Deterioration models were developed using the pavement
   condition data from 14 low volume roads in the state of Kerala in India
   using the software Powersim Studio version 10. The prediction models are
   validated by comparing with field values, and the goodness of the models is
   established statistically.  The comparison reveals that system dynamics can
   be efficiently used for the development of pavement deterioration prediction
   models.  (C) 2020 American Society of Civil Engineers.
DE system dynamics; deterioration; raveling; pothole; edge failure

---

UT 41
AR Kala K, 2022, HELIYON, V8, DOI 10.1016/j.heliyon.2022.e09993
TI Analysis of informal waste management using system dynamic modelling
AU Kala K; Bolia NB
TC 23
SO HELIYON
PY 2022
AB The informal sector is the backbone for sustainable waste management in a
   high population density country such as India.  Moreover, the operations of
   the value chain of informal waste management provide direct or indirect
   benefits for the environment and human resource development.  Unfortunately
   this sector has always been regarded as a fraudulent activity that sustains
   without paying taxes, creates unjust competition, and weakens unions and the
   regulatory structure of the government.  These perceptions often lead India
   to pursue a policy that intentionally or inadvertently amounts to
   retributive measures.  However, the alarming increase in the rate of waste
   generation has coerced the governments of several countries to incorporate
   the indispensable informal sector in their policy initiatives.  Accordingly,
   this paper presents a pioneering system dynamics based model (using STELLA
   Architect software) to analyse the impact of the recent policies and
   decision strategies on the effectiveness of the informal waste management
   sector.  The paper explores the case of Delhi, India to illustrate the model
   and provides valuable insights into the urban waste management process.  The
   results of the model demonstrate that significant economic and environmental
   benefits can be realized by leveraging the natural strengths of the informal
   sector.  Further, it is shown that efficient implementation of policies
   related to informal waste management can reduce the recyclable waste in the
   landfills dumped by municipal corporations or otherwise to zero.  Also,
   waste recycling capacity can be increased from 39 percent to 100 percent by
   strengthening IRC (informal recycling coefficient, introduced in this paper)
   in a span of 30 years.  This increase will have positive impact on land
   usage, environment degradation and operation cost used in the formal waste
   collection.
DE informal waste management; circular economy; solid-waste management;
   recycling; system dynamics; public policy

---

UT 42
AR Fu X, 2024, BUILD, V14, DOI 10.3390/buildings14051488
TI Risk Analysis and Simulation of Large Bridge Construction Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Fu X; Yang M; Liu HQ; Wang LT; Li Q
TC 6
SO BUILD
PY 2024
AB To reduce risk incidents in large bridge construction, it is necessary to
   study the interaction mechanisms and dynamic changes among various risk
   factors during the construction of large bridges.  First, the evolution
   mechanism of construction risks for large bridges is analyzed, and a risk
   factor structure system is established.  Then, based on system dynamics
   theory, a causal loop diagram and flow-stock diagram are constructed, and
   system dynamics equations for each variable in the flow diagram are
   established to build a system dynamics model.  Finally, taking a large
   bridge construction project as an example, the variable equations are
   assigned actual values, and the construction risk level is simulated and
   analyzed.  The results show that, (1) continuous investment in safety funds
   can effectively reduce the overall risk level of the system, (2) changes in
   the management risk subsystem have a significant impact on the overall risk
   level of large bridge construction, and (3) increasing the safety investment
   ratio in both the personnel risk subsystem and the management risk subsystem
   can effectively reduce the total risk level of the system.
DE bridge engineering; construction; system dynamics; safety investment; vensim

---

UT 43
AR Liu LY, 2019, COGENT ENG, V6, DOI 10.1080/23311916.2019.1682775
TI Sustainable development analysis of design and manufacturing integration: A
   system dynamics approach
AU Liu LY; Hsu Y; Lin JL
TC 1
SO COGENT ENG
PY 2019
AB The issue of the sustainability of design and manufacturing is dynamic,
   comprehensive and complex, and has always been a subject of discussion for
   scholars.  This paper focuses on the sustainable issues of design and
   manufacturing and attempts to establish a system dynamics model combining
   design and manufacturing sustainability (CDMS). Through the method of system
   dynamics, Vensim software is used as the research tool, and the functions
   and influence proportions of the influencing variables are substituted into
   the model and then calculated.  The information feedback mechanism and the
   causal cycle principle are used to simulate the development state of design
   and manufacturing.  The results show that CDMS can smoothly present the
   interaction between design and manufacturing, and the variables are related
   to each other, showing the advantages of the CDMS model in analyzing the
   sustainable development of design and manufacturing.  The research can
   provide further reference for follow-up research and practical application.
DE system dynamics; sustainable development; manufacturing; design
ID model; behavior; thinking; cost

---

UT 44
AR Wang Y, 2013, J APPL SCI ENG, V16, P187, DOI 10.6180/jase.2013.16.2.10
TI Application and Improvement of a System Dynamics Model to Forecast the
   Volume of Containers
AU Wang Y; Chou CC; Yeo GT
TC 5
SO J APPL SCI ENG
PY 2013
AB The forecasting of container volumes is a critical component in both the
   nation's economy and the development of ports.  This paper attempts to
   generate a model for forecasting container volumes at ports using system
   dynamics to provide higher forecasting accuracy.  First, a regression model
   and system dynamics model are employed to forecast the container volume in
   Taiwan, the average forecasting error shows that the system dynamics model
   has higher forecasting ability.  Second, data for the period 1990-2008 in
   Taiwan and Korea are used to forecast the container volumes for 2016. The
   total container volumes come from the import/export container volume and
   transshipment container volume.  The input data are divided into two sets
   -total and import/export-according to the properties of the port or nation.
   By comparing the error of the result using the two sets of input data, the
   system dynamics model in this paper is improved and is shown to be a good
   method for forecasting container volumes at different ports or nations in
   the world.
DE forecast; system dynamics; regression model; vensim simulation tool

---

UT 45
AR Muldianto H, 2020, INT J GEOMATE, V19, P8, DOI 10.21660/2020.72.02271
TI SUSTAINABLE WATER SERVICES FEE USING A SYSTEM DYNAMICS APPROACH IN JATIGEDE
   RESERVOIR
AU Muldianto H; Andawayanti U; Suhartanto E; Soetopo W
TC 3
SO INT J GEOMATE
PY 2020
AB Reservoir operation and maintenance costs consist of the water service fee
   from the beneficial water users, and the subsidy from the government.
   Sustainable operation and maintenance should keep the government subsidy at
   the minimum level while at the same time considering the willingness to pay
   from the water users.  These two parameters of subsidy and water service fee
   form an interdependent feedback loop in determining operation and
   maintenance costs, that belong to the system dynamics phenomenon.  This
   paper calculates the level of government subsidy and the water services fee
   in order to reach optimal water resources management using a system dynamics
   approach, in the Jatigede multipurpose reservoir in West Java - Indonesia.
   Jatigede Reservoir with a volume of 877 million m3 irrigates almost 90
   thousand hectares of rice field, providing a public water supply of 3.5
   m3/s, and a targeted energy generation of 110 MW. The methodology of using
   the system dynamics approach is starting with the identification of the
   interrelated parameters into a causal loop diagram, conversion into stock
   and flow diagram, and programming using Powersim.  It is concluded that the
   system dynamics approach can reveal the optimal solution, a combination of
   minimum government subsidy and water services fee within the range of
   willingness to pay, that minimize the additional maintenance costs in the
   long term.
DE water service fee; system dynamics; sustainable management; multipurpose
   reservoir

---

UT 46
AR Song HD, 2011, EDUC TECHNOL SOC, V14, P141
TI A Simulation Model that Decreases Faculty Concerns about Adopting Web-Based
   Instruction
AU Song HD; Wang WT; Liu CY
TC 8
SO EDUC TECHNOL SOC
PY 2011
AB Faculty members have different concerns as they integrate new technology
   into their teaching practices.  The integration of Web-Based Instruction in
   higher-education settings will not be successful if these faculty concerns
   are not addressed.  Four main stages of faculty concern (information,
   personal, management, and impact) were identified based on Hall's concern-
   based adoption model.  By reviewing the literature on the diffusion of on-
   line education, the author identified support factors that may decrease
   faculty concerns about adopting WBI. System dynamics was used to examine
   associations between faculty concerns and these support factors.  Based on
   these associations, a simulation model was built using STELLA to test the
   potential impact of support factors on the adoption of WBI by faculty
   members.  The simulation model will aid educators and administrators in
   evaluating the impacts of support factors on the adoption of WBI.
DE stella software; adoption of wbi; supporting factors for adoption of
   technology; faculty concern; system dynamics
ID technology integration

---

UT 47
AR Liu YH, 2024, AIMS MATH, V9, P20326, DOI 10.3934/math.2024989
TI Research on investment evaluation of highway projects based on system
   dynamics model
AU Liu YH; Deng H; Gao HQ; Ni W
TC 0
SO AIMS MATH
PY 2024
AB Aiming at the deficiencies presented by the traditional methods of highway
   project investment evaluation, the proposed highway investment evaluation
   method was based on system dynamics.  First, we constructed an evaluation
   index system from profitability, solvency, and risk resistance and clarified
   the positive and negative causality within the investment evaluation system
   of highway projects; second, we determined the boundaries of the system
   dynamics model and divided it into six sub-systems, namely, income, cash
   flow, investment evaluation, profit, cost, investment and financing, and
   liabilities; and then, we established the system dynamics model of highway
   investment evaluation based on the sub-systems.  The model made up for the
   limitations of the traditional discounted cash flow method; finally, taking
   the China's Yunnan Province an Expressway project as an example, using
   VENSIM software simulation, we get the evaluation results of the system
   dynamics model and make a comparative analysis with the discounted cash flow
   method, which showed that the calculation inaccuracies of the NPV and other
   financial indicators were in a reasonable range, and the evaluation method
   had strong operability and practicability.  The system dynamics investment
   evaluation model provided a systematic, intuitive, whole-process investment
   evaluation method, which provided a theoretical basis for the analysis and
   decision-making of the investment effect of highway projects.
DE transportation economics; investment appraisal; system dynamics; highways;
   discounted cash flow approach

---

UT 48
AR Kaushalya RDT, 2017, ENG-J INST ENG SRI LANKA, V50, P31, DOI
   10.4038/engineer.v50i4.7273
TI System Dynamics Based Model for the Nachchaduwa Reservoir in the Malwathu
   Oya Basin, Sri Lanka
AU Kaushalya RDT; Nandalal KDW
TC 1
SO ENG-J INST ENG SRI LANKA
PY 2017
AB Though Sri Lanka is a water rich country where many water resources
   development projects have been implemented, the country still very often
   faces many issues due to water scarcity.  By improving the management of
   existing water resources development projects such issues could be
   addressed.  The irrigation area coming under the Nachchaduwa Reservoir
   Scheme in the Malwathu Oya Basin has encountered severe water scarcities in
   the recent past.  This paper presents a system dynamics based simulation
   model that will help in making decisions for managing the Nachchaduwa
   Reservoir for fulfilling the water requirements of its irrigation area.  The
   model was developed using system dynamics concepts and the software used was
   Vensim Professional.  The advantage of system dynamics modelling is its
   ability to model many different sectors such as water quantity, population,
   agriculture and economy using one single model making it possible to look at
   all sectors using the same model.  The model developed for the Nachchaduwa
   Reservoir System comprised of the above sectors and was used to investigate
   several optional operation patterns of the system.  Four different
   operational patterns were considered based on crop types and cropping areas.
   Initially, the developed model was tested for its applicability and
   thereafter it was used to determine the most suitable cropping pattern.  The
   results indicate that the patterns consisting of 100% paddy during the Maha
   Season and 50% paddy and 50% maize during the Yala Season as the most
   suitable cropping patterns for the two seasons.  The model also showed that
   the temporary increase in the population by the pilgrims and tourists
   visiting the area during festive seasons affects the amount of water
   available for crops.
DE system dynamics simulation; vensim software; nachchaduwa reservoir
ID water

---

UT 49
AR Marzouk M, 2014, RESOUR CONSERV RECY, V82, P41, DOI
   10.1016/j.resconrec.2013.10.015
TI Environmental and economic impact assessment of construction and demolition
   waste disposal using system dynamics
AU Marzouk M; Azab S
TC 300
SO RESOUR CONSERV RECYCL
PY 2014
AB Construction and demolition wastes (CDW) have increasingly serious problems
   in environmental, social, and economic realms.  There is no coherent
   framework for utilization of these wastes which are disposed both legally
   and illegally.  This harms the environment, contributes to the increase of
   energy consumption, and depletes finite landfills resources.  The aim of
   this paper is to evaluate the impacts of two alternatives for the management
   of CDW, recycling and disposing.  The evaluation is carried out through
   developing a dynamic model with aid STELLA software by conducting the
   following steps: (1) quantifying the total cost incurred to mitigate the
   impacts of CDW landfills and uncollected waste on the environment and human
   health; (2) quantifying the total avoided emissions and saved energy by
   recycling waste; (3) estimating total external cost saved by recycling waste
   and; (4) providing a decision support tool that helps in re-thinking about
   waste disposal.  The proposed evaluation methodology allows activating the
   stringent regulations that restrict waste disposal and developing incentives
   to encourage constructors to recycle their wastes.  The research findings
   show that recycling CDW leads to significant reductions in emissions, energy
   use, global warming potential (GWP), and conserves landfills space when
   compared to disposal of wastes in landfills.  Furthermore, the cost of
   mitigating the impact of disposal is extremely high.  Therefore, it is
   necessary to recycle construction and demolition wastes.  (C) 2013 Elsevier
   B.V. All rights reserved.
DE construction and demolition wastes ( cdw ); environmental and economic-
   impact assessment; pollutant emissions; waste recycling; global warming
   potential ( gwp ); system dynamics modeling
ID recycling plant; management; model; portugal; china

---

UT 50
AR Bouloiz H, 2013, SAFETY SCI, V58, P32, DOI 10.1016/j.ssci.2013.02.013
TI A system dynamics model for behavioral analysis of safety conditions in a
   chemical storage unit
AU Bouloiz H; Garbolino E; Tkiouat M; Guarnieri F
TC 66
SO SAF SCI
PY 2013
AB This paper aims to develop a system dynamics model in order to formalize
   causal interdependencies between safety factors (technical, organizational
   and human). These factors define safety conditions in a complex industrial
   system.  It is a systemic approach founded on the method of system dynamics
   and the case study is a storage unit for chemical products located in
   Morocco.  System dynamics using VENSIM (R) software has been applied
   to,assess the safety of the storage unit by modeling the activity of the
   industrial system.  Through simulation, users can define deviant scenarios
   in order to improve safety of the industrial system and implement managerial
   tools involving organizational, technical and human factors.  (C) 2013
   Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE system dynamics; safety; organization; causal interaction; system behavior;
   scenarios
ID risk analysis

---

UT 51
AR Bastan M, 2018, KYBERNETES, V47, P142, DOI 10.1108/K-01-2017-0003
TI Sustainable development of agriculture: a system dynamics model
AU Bastan M; Khorshid-Doust RR; Sisi SD; Ahmadvand A
TC 69
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2018
AB Purpose - Sustainable development is the management and conservation of the
   basic natural resources through which organizational and technological
   changes are lead to meet present and future needs of humans.  In developing
   and analyzing the solutions based on sustainable development principles, an
   integrated and holistic approach needs to be pursued.  Not only system
   dynamics has the essential tools for systemic analysis, but also it is an
   appropriate approach for perceiving problems and offering solutions.  The
   aim of this study is to present an integrated and systemic model to analyze
   the existent dynamics in sustainable development of Iran's farming industry.
   Design/methodology/approach - To achieve the mathematical equations and
   values of model's variables, a simulation is carried out using the data
   gathered from Damavand city, Tehran, Iran.  The parameters of the model are
   selected and calculated considering the specifications of this case study.
   After modeling the system, Vensim simulation software has been employed,
   followed by identifying the leverage points of the model; then, a set of
   scenarios have been generated and tested through simulation to achieve a
   much improved understanding of the system's dynamic behavior.  Findings -
   The results show that two factors are among the most important leverage
   points: "profit gained from agriculture"and "required water". The authors
   could also observe that the main issue in Damavand is the lack of water for
   which saving policies would be a major step toward agriculture's sustainable
   development in this area.  Originality/value - The paper shows how System
   Dynamics simulation approach can provide deep insights into the field of
   sustainable development and present efficient policies for agriculture
   sustainability.
DE sustainable development; system dynamics; farming level; land transformation
ID land-use change; rural china; optimization; province; project

---

UT 52
AR Abadi LSK, 2015, KSCE J CIV ENG, V19, P1941, DOI 10.1007/s12205-014-0570-7
TI An analysis of the sustainability of basin water resources using Vensim
   model
AU Abadi LSK; Shamsai A; Goharnejad H
TC 41
SO KSCE J CIV ENG
PY 2015
AB Given the high dynamics of water resources management systems, system
   dynamics approach and vensim model has been used to model the water
   resources system in the study area.  After verification of the model, the
   sustainability indicators were assessed under simulated scenarios and
   different policy packages.  At the end, the policy packages related to each
   scenario were ranked based on analytical hierarchy process.  According to
   the results, increased irrigation efficiency and reduced non-revenue water
   coefficient were the most important objectives in the short and medium
   terms.  Moreover, reducing net crop water demand was necessary.  In long
   term, reducing net crop water demand was the most important objective.
   Also, increased irrigation efficiency and reduced nonrevenue water
   coefficient had less importance especially in the scenarios of current
   economic and population growth rate.
DE system dynamics; vensim model; sustainability indicators; scenarios and
   policy packages; analytical hierarchy process
ID system dynamics; management

---

UT 53
AR Shao LS, 2018, PROCESS INTEGR OPTIM SUSTAIN, V2, P383, DOI
   10.1007/s41660-018-0049-y
TI Research on Coal Demand Problem Based on System Dynamics
AU Shao LS; Zhao SQ
TC 0
SO PROCESS INTEGR OPTIM SUSTAIN
PY 2018
AB Coal is the main energy resource in China.  Predicting the dynamic trend of
   coal demand accurately plays an important role in energy consumption.  Four
   scenarios that include weak industrialization scenario, strong service
   scenario, weak industrialization scenario, and strong service scenario that
   are based on the progress of science and technology, have been set to
   regulate five key factors, consisting of natural population growth rate, GDP
   growth rate, industrial proportion, tertiary industry proportion, and
   proportion of investment in science and technology.  Based on system
   dynamics method and Vensim-PLE software, the system dynamics model of coal
   demand forecasting is built to simulate the total coal demand during
   2011-2016 and forecast the total coal demand from 2017 to 2030. The
   constructed model can better predict the future coal demand through the
   test.  In terms of total amount of coal demand, China's coal demand has a
   trend of decreasing, which is lower than the 2016 level setting.  The total
   coal demand of scenario 2 is higher than the rest of the scenarios and the
   total coal demand of scenario 4 is the smallest.  Coal demand slows down
   under strong service sector, and inversely weak industrialization scenario,
   which is based on the progress of science and technology, can better control
   the total coal demand.
DE system dynamics; total coal demand; scenario analysis; prediction model

---

UT 54
AR Gao G, 2019, J GLOB MANAG, V27, P189, DOI 10.4018/JGIM.2019100110
TI A Systems Dynamics Simulation Study of Network Public Opinion Evolution
   Mechanism
AU Gao G; Wang TY; Zheng XR; Chen Y; Xu XB
TC 18
SO J GLOB MANAG
PY 2019
AB The factors that affect formation and dissemination of public opinion have
   been studied for a long time.  However, the findings are disparate and
   fragmented, given the characteristics of netizens and new media in the Big
   Data era.  To this end, this article introduces eight mechanisms working on
   formation and dissemination of public opinion on network.  Based on system
   dynamics, this article further proposes a comprehensive causal relationship
   model to explore the factors affecting the consequence of public opinion on
   network.  Particularly, the role of government is taken into consideration
   in this model.  A simulation with Vensim PLE is conducted.  The results of
   the simulation indicate that group polarization among netizens, opinion
   leaders, the quantity of media audience, the frequency of media report,
   government attention, and warning mechanism for public opinion crisis affect
   the consequence of public opinion on network significantly.  Implications of
   the findings are discussed.
DE network; public opinion; simulation; system dynamics
ID big data; industry 40; model; internet; management; things; media

---

UT 55
AR Singh R, 2016, KYBERNETES, V45, P411, DOI 10.1108/K-05-2014-0111
TI System dynamics to turnaround an Indian microfinance institution
AU Singh R; Bhar C
TC 2
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2016
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to present a policy comparison tool
   for Indian Microfinance Institutions (MFIs) so that they can choose the best
   policy for implementation.  It provides for turnaround of a troubled MFI by
   analyzing the performance of different policies.
   Design/methodology/approach - The paper has done a web survey to identify
   the need of a strategic tool for MFI. It has built a Decision Support System
   (DSS) using system dynamics.  A corporate model of MFI has been constructed
   using iThink 10.0.2 software.  A quantitative validity test has been done to
   find the robustness of the model.  Finally four policies are tested and the
   performance indicators have been used to suggest the best policy.  Apart
   from this DSS is used to test the implementation range of a policy.
   Findings - "Integration of Microfinance with country's mainstream financial
   system along with provisioning 1 percent of outstanding loans" is
   recommended for the MFI as this will increase the financial performance.
   Research limitations/implications - In its present form the corporate model
   developed for MFI is not applicable for judging social performance.
   Therefore MFIs might be sceptic toward it.  However, incorporation of
   certain performance indicators such as financial-self-sufficiency ratio
   might help in overcoming this reluctance.  Practical implications -
   "Integration of Microfinance with country's mainstream financial system
   along with restricting provision" will generate better performance for the
   MFI. Therefore this policy should be implemented by the MFI. There are other
   considerations which need to be taken into account while implementing this
   policy.  The integration may require outsourcing of certain operations to
   banks, utilization of bank branches to disseminate knowledge related to the
   conduct of transactions, usage of customized bank software to handle the
   day-to-day business, development of new softwares for mobile messaging to
   help poor customers avail of schemes run by the banks, fill loan application
   forms online, send reminders for loan recovery; provide incentives such as
   upgradation of poor customers to become regular customers of banks.  Social
   implications - By improving the health of the MFI a bigger goal to reach the
   poor will be achieved in the long run.  The MFI has around five million
   clients at present and if the company becomes insolvent then the future of
   these clients is going to be impacted.  The organization has interacted
   closely with these clients and therefore knows how to upgrade their
   financial state.  Originality/value - The tool is first of its kind in the
   microfinance industry.  So far the microfinance technology providers have
   dealt with Management Information System and Information and Communication
   Technology.  The tool has been built to present a quantitative model for
   overall operations of the MFI. The simulation of this model helps in
   predicting future scenarios.
DE microfinance; system dynamics
ID management; simulation

---

UT 56
AR Zhou HP, 2023, KYBERNETES, V52, P4322, DOI 10.1108/K-11-2021-1188
TI Research on the mechanism of knowledge coupling affecting firms' innovation
   results driven by digitization--based on system dynamics methodology
TC 7
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2023
AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to build a System Dynamics model to
   reveal the structure and dynamics of knowledge coupling affecting firms'
   innovation results in the digital context.  Design/methodology/approach
   Drawing on the recombined view of innovation, this paper divides knowledge
   coupling into two dimensions: component knowledge coupling and architectural
   knowledge coupling.  Then, the authors build a system dynamics model to
   identify the interaction of knowledge coupling factors and use the
   professional Vensim PLE to conduct simulation analysis to capture the
   dynamic interaction of motivation factors in knowledge coupling system.
   Findings The results show that both technology resources and digital dynamic
   capability play positive effects in the mechanism of knowledge coupling
   influencing firms' innovation results, while organizational inertia
   negatively affects the process of knowledge coupling to achieve innovation
   outcomes.  Originality/value This study develops a holistic system dynamics
   model to reveal and elaborate on the complex dynamic mechanism of knowledge
   coupling impacting firms' innovation results in the context of digitization
   and provides a theoretical reference for companies to effectively adopt
   digital technology to carry out knowledge coupling strategy.
DE digitization; knowledge coupling; innovation results; system dynamics
ID search; technology; exploration; performance; information; alliances;
   impact; old

---

UT 57
AR Mehregan E, 2022, INT J EARLY CHILD SPEC EDUC, V14, P941, DOI 10.9756/INT-
   JECSE/V14I4.124
TI Supply chain modeling with system dynamics approach (Case study of Firooz
   Health Products Company)
AU Mehregan E
TC 2
SO INT J EARLY CHILD SPEC EDUC
PY 2022
AB Considering the application of system dynamics in supply chain management,
   this study aims at dynamic supply chain modeling in Firooz Health Products
   Company.  This study used Vensim software to develop and validate supply
   chain modeling.  In this regard, first identifies the components and
   variables of the chain based on the existing literature and then presents
   the dynamic hypothesis and after the causal loops and rate-state diagrams,
   tests the model based on the system dynamics method.  Finally, the accuracy
   of the model is tested and policies to reduce lost sales, reduce inventory
   and receive accurate information to improve model indicators are presented.
   Based on the results, with a slight change in the logic of deciding the time
   of issuing orders from the distribution center to the production plant and
   knowing the inventory of raw materials at that time, the amount of
   reliability reserve, central warehouse inventory and distribution center
   warehouse inventory can overcome this problem.  Can be a reason to increase
   the reactivity of the chain.
DE supply chain; system dynamics; firooz health products company

---

UT 58
AR Harrison MA, 2021, J ANIM SCI, V99, DOI 10.1093/jas/skaa405
TI Evaluation of biological and economic efficiency of the All Heifer, No Cow
   beef production system using a system dynamics model based on 6 yr of
   demonstration herd data
AU Harrison MA; Sheehan JJ; Seidel GE; Mooney DF; Rhoades RD; Ahola JK
TC 5
SO J ANIM SCI
PY 2021
AB Alternative management strategies with no cows and all heifers may improve
   biological and economic efficiency of beef production.  The All Heifer, No
   Cow (AHNC) beef production system involves insemination of nulliparous
   heifers with female sex-selected semen (FSS) to produce primarily female
   calves that are early weaned at 3 mo of age.  Dams are finished on a high
   concentrate diet and harvested before 30 mo of age.  The objectives of this
   research were to: 1) build a dynamic model of an AHNC beef production system
   to quantify system biological and economic efficiency; 2) compare effects of
   utilizing FSS vs.  conventional semen on biological and economic efficiency;
   3) evaluate what-if scenarios to determine the effects on biological and
   economic efficiency of changing variables +/- 5%, 10%, 15%, and 20% from
   initial observed values; and 4) evaluate the effects on biological and
   economic efficiency of changing variables +/- 10% from initial observed
   values.  A model was built over a 21-yr horizon using Stella Architect.
   Biological parameter values in the model were based on the 6 yr of data
   collected from the management of an AHNC demonstration herd.  In the model
   animal, total digestible nutrients (TDN) intake, hot carcass weight (HCW),
   and age at harvest were randomized.  Feed, animal, and carcass prices
   included in the model were based on 10 yr of historical U.S. price data.
   Key response variables were biological and economic efficiency (mean +/-
   SD). Biological efficiency was defined as the ratio of output (kilograms of
   HCW produced) to input (lifetime kilograms of feed TDN consumed), and
   economic efficiency was measured using a benefit-cost ratio (BCR) and unit
   variable cost (UVC). Over 40 simulation runs, the predicted mean biological
   efficiency was 0.0714 +/- 0.0008. Economic efficiency was 0.95 +/- 0.02 and
   US $445.41 +/- 0.06 for BCR and UVC, respectively.  Biological and economic
   efficiency was improved in the conventional semen scenario; biological
   efficiency was 0.0738 +/- 0.0008, and BCR and UVC were 0.99 +/- 0.04 and US
   $407.24 +/- 0.006, respectively.  Under this parameterization and market
   conditions, the AHNC beef production system failed to achieve profitability
   under any scenario that was evaluated.  However, this review did not account
   for the potential increased genetic benefit from a decreased generation
   interval and the reduction in feed energy in comparison to a conventional
   cow/calf system.
DE beef production system; biological efficiency; economic efficiency; single-
   calf heifer system; system dynamics
ID simulation; environment; strategies; validation

---

UT 59
AR Rodrigues GO, 2021, INT J INNOV SUSTAIN DEV, V15, P305
TI System dynamics to assess the financial impact through the use of recycled
   kitchen oil in solid waste collection vehicles
AU Rodrigues GO; Simonetto ED; Arenhardt DL
TC 0
SO INT J INNOV SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2021
AB This paper aims to understand, develop and execute computational models to
   analyse the cost benefit of the use of different percentages of biodiesel in
   urban solid waste collection and to verify the biodiesel production
   viability by organisations.  For the models' development, the system
   dynamics method was used.  Mathematically, System Dynamics model is a system
   of linear equations.  Through Vensim software, it was possible to develop,
   document, simulate, and analyse the models, noting the financial impact
   caused by waste collection in seven municipalities in southern Brazil.  For
   the modelling, nine scenarios were developed and divided into 3 groups:
   simulation with different percentages of biodiesel, simulation using BIOBOT
   20 processor, and simulation through a plant construction by the company.
   As a result, it was found that, in the long term, the best scenario for the
   company analysed is the use of BIOBOT 20 processor with 15% biodiesel
   percentage, followed by the construction of its own plant, also using 15%
   biodiesel.  Results were satisfactory and met the designers' expectations.
DE biodiesel; complex systems; computational modeling; sustainability; systems
   dynamics; vensim
ID cooking oil; biodiesel production; management; region

---

UT 60
AR Sjaifuddin S, 2020, IND ENG MANAG SYST, V19, P211, DOI
   10.7232/iems.2020.19.1.211
TI Environmental Management of Industrial Estate Based on Eco-Industrial Parks:
   A System Dynamics Modeling
AU Sjaifuddin S
TC 6
SO IND ENG MANAG SYST
PY 2020
AB This research aims to develop a dynamic model of environmental management of
   Modern Cikande Industrial Estate Indonesia based on eco-industrial parks.
   The model is designed using a system dynamics approach with Powersim Studio
   7 Express software.  It is simulated using 3 scenarios: 1) business as
   usual, which is oriented towards economic growth only; 2) conservationism,
   which is just oriented to environmental protection; and 3) new urbanism,
   which is oriented to the integration of economic growth and environmental
   protection.  The use of system dynamics in modeling eco-industrial parks is
   useful for elaborating future development opportunities.  A dynamic model
   built based on predetermined scenarios can be used as an alternative in
   decision making for managers and government.  The results show that new
   urbanism is the best scenario for this environmental management.  When it is
   compared to other scenarios, new urbanism has a significant impact on
   controlling the growth of industrial structures, restraining the decrease of
   land available for industries, managing the growth of raw input, decreasing
   waste quantity, bridling the need for water, escalating employment, and
   increasing contribution to regional income.
DE environmental-management; eco-industrial parks; system dynamics approach
ID solid-waste management; circular economy; sustainable development; network
   analysis; symbiosis; china; energy; efficiency; growth; impact

---

UT 61
AR Kasperska E, 2013, J ENTREP MANAG INNOV, V9, P29, DOI 10.7341/2013922
TI Sensitivity Analysis and Optimization for Selected Supply Chain Management
   Issues in the Company - Using System Dynamics and Vensim
AU Kasperska E; Mateja-Losa E; Marjasz R
TC 3
SO J ENTREP MANAG INNOV
PY 2013
AB The aim of our paper is to present the new results of research work on
   optimization and simulation for some logistic problems in the company.  The
   System Dynamics (SD) method and the Vensim simulation language are applied
   in order to solve specific managerial problems described by Forrester in the
   model of supply chain.  The historical model of Customer-Producer-Employment
   System by Forrester (Forrester, 1961) has not been examined with the
   sensitivity analysis, from the "automatic" testing perspective.
   Optimization experiments have not been conducted, either.  It is surprising,
   since the model is old and widely known.  The opportunities offered by the
   Vensim language allow us to perform such analysis.  The visualization called
   "confidence bounds" is used, to show the behaviour of chosen variables over
   a period of time.  The Monte-Carlo method is applied for sampling a set of
   numbers from within bounded domains (distribution for each searching
   parameters is specified). The authors of this paper conducted numerous
   experiments in this scope.  This paper presents their results and offers
   some conclusions formulated at the end.
DE system dynamics; sensitivity analysis; optimization; vensim

---

UT 62
AR Daneshgar S, 2022, J ENERGY STORAGE, V46, DOI 10.1016/j.est.2021.103919
TI Investigating the hydropower plants production and profitability using
   system dynamics approach
AU Daneshgar S; Zahedi R
TC 30
SO J ENERGY STORAGE
PY 2022
AB World's electricity industry is looking for ways to improve production,
   distribution, and electricity transmission in recent years.  To achieve
   comprehensive economic and social development, it is necessary to move
   toward sustainable energies.  Among the types of renewable energy,
   hydropower has received more attention due to its ability to convert
   directly into electricity, its possibility of storage and its endlessness.
   Despite uncertainties in market prices, the amount of water entering dams,
   the behavior of actors, access to information, and thus increasing risk,
   planning, and decision-making for hydropower producers to make maximum
   profit in the electricity market has become more complex.  In this
   situation, adopting a correct decision-making method for the optimal
   operation of power plants is always one of the main concerns.  In this
   research, a dynamic production profitability model has been developed to
   model the operation of a hydro reservoir system and the producer
   profitability process, which has been investigated using STELLA software in
   an object-oriented simulation environment with a system dynamics approach.
   The required information has been used as a monthly time series in
   2010-2020, and forecasts have been made for 24 months.  This study was
   conducted to study the profitability of hydropower plants using the
   information of Karun 1 Dam in the catchment area of Karun river.  In this
   study, the uncertainty of water inlet flow status and electricity price for
   this producer has been predicted by the G ' omes model and entered into the
   model.  Water release methods and acceptable costs are considered separate
   scenarios.  The results showed that the scenario of discharging 15% of the
   dam has the most profit with 3047 $/MW for 24th month.
DE profitability model; hydropower plants; monte carlo methods; production
   model
ID simulation; management

---

UT 63
AR Bafti AA, 2026, RESULTS ENG, V29, DOI 10.1016/j.rineng.2026.108996
TI Demand-side transformation in renewable energy integration: coordinated
   scenario planning using system dynamics
AU Bafti AA; Rezaei M; Teymouri A; Sahebi H; Ghasemi P
TC 2
SO RESULTS ENG
PY 2026
AB Effective energy analysis requires examining current and projected
   consumption of both conventional and renewable sources.  Scenario planning
   (SP) also plays a key role in anticipating how energy sources may evolve.
   However, system dynamics models lack a structured method for embedding key
   drivers into scenario design, while SP alone cannot represent the complex
   feedbacks needed for accurate forecasting.  To address these limitations,
   this study proposes a coordinated scenario planning with system dynamics
   modeling (CSP-SDM) approach, using an enhanced system dynamics model in
   Vensim to capture interactions among demographic trends, economic
   indicators, production patterns, and energy variables.  It deploys a
   scenario design strategy to capture the influence and interdependence among
   key variables via Mactor software, and K-Means clustering to identify those
   most critical to scenario outcomes.  Clustering of key drivers and
   prediction power are rigorously validated, demonstrating well-defined
   groupings and notable predictive accuracy.  Scenario Wizard is employed to
   develop consistent exploratory scenarios, each offering distinct
   perspectives beyond the baseline scenario, which is grounded in historical
   data trends (1993-2022). The model integrates demand-side, government, and
   private sector dynamics.  The baseline projects only 11.08 TWh of growth,
   locked in by low electricity prices, high energy intensity, and limited grid
   modernization.  In contrast, the Adapting to Constraints scenario achieves
   28.5 TWh, demonstrating the gains from incremental change.  The Balancing
   Act scenario, more than doubles this output to 57.4 TWh by prioritizing
   efficiency alongside investment.  However, the most transformative outcome
   is delivered by the Harmony of Acceleration scenario, which unlocks 100.4
   TWh of renewable demand.
DE renewable power demand; vensim; system dynamics modeling; scenario planning;
   mactor; k-means; scenario wizard
ID power-generation; consumption; technologies; investment; management;
   algorithm; barriers; policies; sector

---

UT 64
AR Mula J, 2013, INT J PROD RES, V51, P4087, DOI 10.1080/00207543.2013.774487
TI A system dynamics model for the supply chain procurement transport problem:
   comparing spreadsheets, fuzzy programming and simulation approaches
AU Mula J; Campuzano-Bolarin F; Díaz-Madroñero M; Carpio KM
TC 29
SO INT J PROD RES
PY 2013
AB This article proposes a simulation approach based on system dynamics for
   operational procurement and transport planning in a two-level, multi-product
   and multi-period supply chain.  This work uses the Vensim((R)) simulation
   tool to highlight the potential of system dynamics for supply chain
   simulation.  A real continuous simulation application is presented in an
   automobile supply chain.  The effectiveness of the proposed model is
   validated through the comparison of the results provided by spreadsheet-
   based simulation, fuzzy multi-objective programming and system dynamics-
   based simulation models.  The fundamental point of this paper is that the
   simulation model is the most effective approach in quantifying the trade-off
   between number of truck shipments and average inventory level.  In this
   case, the number of truck shipments is to be minimised, resulting in a
   higher inventory level.  If the average inventory level were minimised, then
   there would be more truck shipments.  Here, it is shown the benefit of this
   type of simulation model in reducing inventory by about 10%.
DE simulation; system dynamics; supply chain dynamics; procurement; transport;
   operations planning
ID agent-based simulation; framework; products; support; design

---

UT 65
AR Wingo P, 2017, ENV MODEL SOFTW, V94, P48, DOI 10.1016/j.envsoft.2017.03.012
TI Modular and spatially explicit: A novel approach to system dynamics
AU Wingo P; Brookes A; Bolte J
TC 5
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2017
AB The Open Modeling Environment (OME) is an open-source System Dynamics (SD)
   simulation engine which has been created as a joint project between Oregon
   State University and the US Environmental Protection Agency.  It is designed
   around a modular implementation, and provides a standardized interface for
   interacting with spatially explicit data while still supporting the standard
   SD model components.  OME can be run as a standalone simulation or as a
   plugin to a larger simulation framework, and is capable of importing Models
   from several SD model formats, including Simile model files, Vensim model
   files, and the XMILE interchange format.  While it has been released, OME is
   still under development, and a number of potential future improvements are
   discussed.  To help illustrate the utility of OME, an example model design
   process is provided as an Appendix.  (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights
   reserved.
DE system dynamics; spatially-explicit; simulation engine; open-source; simile;
   vensim; xmile

---

UT 66
AR Momodu AS, 2021, SCI PROG, V104, DOI 10.1177/00368504211042479
TI System dynamics kinetic model for predicting biogas production in anaerobic
   condition: Preliminary assessment
AU Momodu AS; Adepoju TD
TC 14
SO SCI PROG
PY 2021
AB Introduction: This preliminary assessment of a grey-box model, was
   predicated on system dynamics principles and developed using Vensim(R) DSS
   software.  The purpose is to predict biogas production under anaerobic
   conditions for energy utilization at the design stage.  Objective: To
   describe the process of a developed system dynamics model to predict biogas
   production under anaerobic conditions.  Methods: This method involves two-
   stage kinetics of the biogas production process in anaerobic conditions
   using the first-order and Gompertz functions.  The model is depicted in two
   parts: causal loop diagram and stock-flow diagram.  The causal loop diagram
   describes the anaerobic digestion process a substrate undergoes for the
   production of biogas, while stock-flow diagram depicts basic building blocks
   of the dynamic behavior of an anaerobic digestion process.  Primary data is
   from a laboratory-scale experiment of biogas production using vegetal
   wastes, while the secondary one is from the literature on studies using
   similar substrates.  Results: Primary and secondary data are used to
   validate and stimulate the developed model.  The kinetic model shows the
   substrate being reduced exponentially with increasing time; consumption of
   substrate and production of methane and carbon dioxide follows exponential
   growth and decay pattern, with carbon dioxide production starting early
   compared to methane, and was produced at a rate faster due to the strong and
   resilient characteristics of fermentative microorganisms.  Discussion:
   Comparing data from empirical and model simulation shows some close
   relationship, though not too perfectly.  Both results reflect signs of
   inhibitions occurring within the substrates in the digester under anaerobic
   conditions explaining the low methane yield or instability.
DE kinetics; biogas; system dynamics; growth function; waste management
ID municipal solid-waste; chicken manure; co-digestion; ammonia inhibition;
   methane production; maize silage; hydrolysis; growth; fermentation;
   conversion

---

UT 67
AR Jin HZ, 2023, SIMUL-TRANS SOC MODEL SIMUL INT, V99, P885, DOI
   10.1177/00375497231168631
TI Effects of workload on medication administration errors in nursing: an
   analysis based on system dynamics modeling
AU Jin HZ; Xiao ZB; Yao JH; Gong ZB; Wang HY/1; Zhao YN
TC 1
SO SIMUL-TRANS SOC MODEL SIMUL INT
PY 2023
AB Medication administration errors account for a relatively high proportion of
   medical errors, with more than 50% occurring at the nursing administration
   stage.  Nursing is characterized by a large amount of work, rigid working
   hours, high information cognitive intensity, and frequent information
   updates.  The high workload of nurses is a significant cause of medication
   administration errors.  In this study, a literature analysis was used to
   determine the elements of the system dynamics model, and the causal loop
   diagram was used to draw the relationship framework among the elements.
   Vensim personal learning edition and interview surveys were then used for
   model validation and simulation.  First, 302 case analyses of medication
   administration errors collected from the three metropolitan area hospitals
   were used to construct the causal loop diagram, the stock and flow map of
   the medication administration error system, and the dynamics model; second,
   the model was tested from theoretical and historical data simulation
   perspectives; finally, the system dynamics model proposed in this study was
   used to simulate a medical institution from overtime and policy
   perspectives.  Through system dynamics modeling, the inducing mechanism of
   workload on medication administration errors in nursing operations was
   elucidated, and corresponding suggestions for prevention were provided.  In
   addition, ideas and basis for optimizing the medication administration
   process, improving workload, and preventing medication administration errors
   considering workload were provided.
DE medication administration error; nursing; causal loop diagram; system
   dynamics modeling
ID health-care; ergonomics; hospitals; improvement; management; incident;
   fatigue; working

---

UT 68
AR Wu RJ, 2009, AGROFOR SYST, V77, P123, DOI 10.1007/s10457-009-9231-0
TI A dynamic simulation study of the impacts of enhanced UV-B radiation on
   winter wheat photosynthetic production and dry matter accumulation
AU Wu RJ; Zheng YF; Liu JJ
TC 2
SO AGROFOR SYST
PY 2009
AB By using the system-dynamic software package STELLA, a simulative study was
   conducted on the photosynthetic productivity and change of the accumulated
   dry matter of wheat population, related to enhanced UV-B radiation that
   influences photosynthesis.  The effects of daily temperature and crop
   physiological age on the photosynthesis rate were considered
   comprehensively.  Statistical analysis was undertaken to assess the fitness
   between simulations and observations of accumulated dry matter by means of
   root-mean-square error and relative error.  Results show that there is no
   significant difference between simulations and observations, indicating that
   the STELLA software is effective in imitating the growth.  This software
   provides a new approach in establishing a simulative model for crop growth
   under the conditions of various climate and environment.
DE ultraviolet-radiation; photosynthesis; respiration; matter accumulation;
   system dynamics
ID ultraviolet-radiation; growth; model; crop; sensitivity; canopy; water; soil

---

UT 69
AR Mortazavi S, 2020, PR PERIOD STRUCT DES CONSTR, V25, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)SC.1943-5576.0000493
TI Risk Evaluation and Prioritization in Bridge Construction Projects Using
   System Dynamics Approach
AU Mortazavi S; Kheyroddin A; Naderpour H
TC 18
SO PR PERIOD STRUCT DES CONSTR
PY 2020
AB Bridges are the indispensable arterial transport of a country.  Iran, as a
   vast country, needs to develop a variety of road transportation inside and
   outside cities.  Accelerating construction procedures and controlling costs
   are project management requirements.  Risks, in many cases, disrupt the
   progress of the projects and impose costs on the project.  The present
   article began with field studies, distribution of questionnaires, and the
   use of SPSS17 software to detect and prioritize the risk of bridge
   construction projects.  Then, dynamic hypotheses were issued for prioritized
   risks, and causal loops were drawn.  Subsequently, another questionnaire was
   designed to explore the relationship between risks and analyze risk
   behavior.  After obtaining results from field research, the system dynamics
   and VENSIM7 software were used to model and investigate the behavior and
   interaction of risks.  Finally, ten diagrams showing the effect of risks on
   each other were exemplified to examine and analyze the designed model.
DE risk; risk assessment; dynamic hypothesis; system dynamics
ID management

---

UT 70
AR Tian YT, 2020, SUSTAIN, V12, DOI 10.3390/su12104254
TI Dynamic Model of a Sustainable Water Resources Utilization System with
   Coupled Water Quality and Quantity in Tianjin City
AU Tian YT; Li CH; Yi YJ; Wang X; Shu AP
TC 16
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2020
AB With the development of industrial and agricultural production and the
   social economy, the demand for water resources has gradually increased.  In
   this paper, based on the principles of system dynamics, a sustainable water
   resources utilization model with coupled water quality and quantity is
   established using STELLA software to assess the sustainable use of water
   resources.  The model includes two modules: a water supply module and a
   water quality module.  The water supply module includes four sub-systems:
   economy, population, water supply, and water demand.  The water quality
   module consists of an environmental sub-system.  The model is suitable for
   Tianjin, where water resources are scarce.  Calibration is performed using
   data from 2013-2016, and verification is performed using data from 2017. The
   simulation results are good.  In order to compare the sustainable use of
   water resources in different development scenarios in Tianjin for 2025, a
   sensitivity analysis is performed for each variable, and four decision
   variables are selected to establish four water resources use scenarios
   (Scenarios 1-4). The results show that, compared with scenario 1, water
   shortages in scenarios 2 and 3 are delayed.  Scenario 4, with stable
   economic growth and environmental consideration, can effectively resolve the
   contradiction between water supply and demand in the future, and is more
   conducive to the improvement of water quality.  Finally, based on the above
   research, measures to solve water resources problems are proposed, in order
   to provide a reference for the sustainable use of water resources and
   optimization of water resources allocation in Tianjin.
DE system dynamics; water resources; sustainable use; tianjin; water quantity
   and quality
ID management; optimization; simulation

---

UT 71
AR Li CG, 2021, WIREL NETW, V27, P4353, DOI 10.1007/s11276-021-02647-6
TI The influence of external factors on the development of China's banking
   industry: a system dynamics modelling approach
AU Li CG; Zuo XT; Huang L
TC 2
SO WIREL NETW
PY 2021
AB There are many external factors influencing the development of the banking
   industry, but few literatures discuss the effects of multiple factors on the
   banking industry.  In order to better promote the healthy and stable
   development of China's banking industry, this paper builds a simulation
   model based on system dynamics and uses Vensim PLE to systematically discuss
   the impact of money supply, supervision level, financial innovation, and GDP
   on bank profits.  The simulation results find that money supply, financial
   innovation, and regulatory levels have a negative effect on profits, but GDP
   can promote profits.
DE bank industry; system dynamics; simulation analysis

---

UT 72
AR Emami M, 2025, HEAL SCOPE, V14, DOI 10.5812/healthscope-161473
TI Developing Scenarios for the Iranian Health System Using System Dynamics
   Methodology
AU Emami M; Haghdoost AA; Yazdi-Feyzabadi V; Ahmadi-Gohari M; Mehrolhassani MH
TC 1
SO HEAL SCOPE
PY 2025
AB Background: Health systems (HSs) are complex adaptive entities, marked by
   dynamic interactions among their components.  Understanding and predicting
   their behavior requires a systemic perspective and a comprehensive analysis
   of their interrelated dimensions.  This study employed system dynamics
   modeling to examine key trends within Iran's HS. Methods: A systems thinking
   approach was adopted, utilizing system dynamics methodology.  The model was
   structured based on the Balanced Scorecard (BSC) framework, encompassing
   four dimensions: Population health, service delivery, financing, and
   development.  Parameters affecting cost reduction were modified to assess
   policy implications across three scenarios from 2021 to 2031. Data were
   sourced from official Iranian statistics and relevant academic studies.
   Simulations were conducted using Vensim DSS 6.4E software.  Results: By
   2031, Iran's population is projected to reach 90 million, with 35% exposed
   to risk factors, placing approximately 32 million individuals at risk.  As a
   result, an estimated 9 million people will require inpatient services, 43
   million will need outpatient care, and 52 million will require diagnostic
   and pharmaceutical services.  Physician demand is projected to reach 135,500
   by 2031, resulting in a shortage of 20,850 physicians.  Financial
   projections estimate current healthcare costs at 17,000 trillion rials,
   while available resources will amount to only 7,807 trillion rials,
   indicating a substantial budget deficit.  Conclusions: The demand for
   healthcare services will significantly increase in the coming decade.  To
   meet this demand, two strategic actions are critical: (1) Strengthening
   preventive interventions to reduce population exposure to risk factors; and
   (2) expanding infrastructural resources, including human capital, hospital
   beds, and medical equipment.  The developed model supports scenario analysis
   by enabling policymakers to assess the impact of changes in key parameters
   and plan effective responses.
DE systems analyzes; systems thinking; systems dynamics; complexity analysis;
   health system modeling

---

UT 73
AR Malisa R, 2020, IEEE SYST J, V14, P1523, DOI 10.1109/JSYST.2019.2921246
TI Augmenting Water Supplies Through Urban Wastewater Recycling (March 2019)
AU Malisa R; Schwella E; Batinge B
TC 3
SO IEEE SYST J
PY 2020
AB Projections indicate a high-risk water stress level (+80%) in the Western
   Cape province of South Africa by 2040. The reassessment of water management
   is paramount in ensuring water security for the generations to come.  Water
   management approach, which recognizes the value of alternative water sources
   such as Urban Wastewater recycling (UWWR) amid shrinking surface water
   supplies is of critical importance.  This management process mimics natural
   systems, placing the focus on stakeholder engagement and meaningful public
   participation.  The objective is to ensure a vibrant economy, social equity,
   and protection of water resources for current and future generations.  This
   paper's main goal is the assessment of the impact of UWWR on water
   availability in the Stellenbosch urban water system.  Vensim PLE7.2 systems
   dynamic modeling tools constructed the qualitative and quantitative systems
   dynamics models.  The results from the simulation indicated that UWWR in
   Stellenbosch has a significant potential of augmenting water supplies over a
   period of ten years.  Of the three scenarios investigated, the 50% reuse
   scenario projected the best option for augmenting water supplies.  In
   addition, results extrapolated from availability index graphs, depicted a
   water availability index, which is greater than 1 for every UWWR scenario
   investigated, i.e., 10%, 30%, and 50%, a positive result which supports the
   decision for UWWR in Stellenbosch as a water augmentation option.
DE integrated urban water management; stellenbosch systems dynamics; urban
   wastewater recycling
ID system dynamics; management; models

---

UT 74
AR Tong DY, 2025, HERNIA, V29, DOI 10.1007/s10029-025-03348-1
TI System dynamics modeling to predict hospitalization costs in adults with
   inguinal hernia: a single-centre study
AU Tong DY; Liu XL/1; Shen YM
TC 0
SO HERNIA
PY 2025
AB BackgroundThis research aims to develop a novel methodology and provide
   innovative insights for accurately forecasting hospitalization expenses by
   developing an appropriate system dynamics model to predict hospital costs
   and simulate future trends.  The findings are meant to serve as a guide for
   creating effective policies and measures to curb the growth in
   hospitalization costs.MethodsWe selected adults who had inguinal hernia
   surgery at Beijing Chaoyang Hospital from January 2015 to December 2023
   according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria.  We identified the
   primary factors that influence hospitalization costs and conceptualized them
   as interconnected subsystems within the broader hospitalization cost system.
   We develop a system dynamics model of hospitalization costs using the stock-
   flow tree modeling framework based on flow-rate variables.ResultsThis study
   included a total of 23,696 adult patients who had inguinal hernia surgery.
   The simulation results for the period 2016 to 2033 were generated by running
   the model in Vensim simulation software.  The forecast for 2033 predicts
   that hospitalization costs for adult inguinal hernia patients at Beijing
   Chaoyang Hospital will reach 81.28 million RMB. The number of surgeries will
   rise to 7,913, with 65% (5,104 surgeries) being outpatient procedures.  The
   average cost per hospitalization will be 10,271.35 RMB. The elderly
   population among surgical patients is expected to increase to 5,323. For
   every 1,000 laparoscopic surgeries, 454 will be performed.  For every 1,000
   surgeries, 437 will involve the use of degradable mesh implants.  The number
   of patients with severe comorbidities is expected to reach 6,403, and
   medication costs are forecasted to be 1.44 million RMB.ConclusionsThe system
   dynamics model for hospitalization costs effectively captures the
   relationships between multiple influencing factors and hospital expenses.
   The model's reliability and predictive results' credibility are indicated by
   the high alignment between simulated historical data and actual historical
   values.  Hospitalization costs are projected to increase annually, while per
   capita hospitalization costs are expected to decrease.  Factors such as an
   aging population, improved cost control policies, and the promotion of
   outpatient surgeries exert significant influence in this trend.
DE inguinal hernia; hospitalization costs; system dynamics; prediction;
   simulation
ID day surgery

---

UT 75
AR Azhari F, 2014, INT J SYST DYN APPL, V3, P65, DOI 10.4018/ijsda.2014100104
TI Using System Dynamics Method to Manage Construction and Demolition Waste
AU Azhari F; Abdi F; Shojaie AA
TC 5
SO INT J SYST DYN APPL
PY 2014
AB During last few decades, construction and demolition waste has attracted
   great attention from practitioners and researchers, as well as governments
   in all over the world.  It's obvious that construction and demolition waste
   and its control is very important in many aspects.  In other hand, system
   dynamics is an empirical tool and waste management system is a dynamic
   system that needs to be studied and analyzed dynamically so that many
   misconceptions and problems in this area to be avoided.  The main question
   is how we can manage and control waste management system to have a less
   amount of negative impacts on the environment and society.  In order to
   answer this main question, this paper tries to represent a conceptual model
   called "cause and effect diagram" to have a general and typical
   understanding of waste management system especially in Ardabil city.  Next,
   it represents Stock-Flow diagram that has capability of running in computer
   for further analyzing.  Then, it simulates the model by POWERSIM software to
   analyze and optimize the dynamic model.  The study indicated that increasing
   values of the variables including fines for illegal dumping, unit cost of
   landfilling, unit cost of collecting, unit cost of transportation and also
   developing waste management sites has implications of a low illegal waste
   dumping and a high amount of waste recycling and reuse.
DE environment; recycling; reusing; system dynamics; waste management

---

UT 76
AR Wang Z, 2018, SIMUL-TRANS SOC MODEL SIMUL INT, V94, P943, DOI
   10.1177/0037549717746750
TI Evaluating transportation infrastructure investment on a regional level: a
   system dynamics simulation
AU Wang Z; Zhang YY/1; Lian L; Chu CL
TC 8
SO SIMUL-TRANS SOC MODEL SIMUL INT
PY 2018
AB Transportation infrastructure investment (TII) has significant influence on
   regional economic development.  This paper aims to measure the potential
   economic impact of TII and to help policymakers to evaluate different
   alternatives and strategies at the regional level through a system dynamics
   (SD) approach.  First, an SD model is established to simulate the impact of
   TII on the economy and employment.  The relationship between transportation
   investments and economic development is examined and the relevant employment
   and economic indicators are identified.  Second, the variables, flow
   diagrams, and structural equations of the SD model are defined.  Third, the
   program Vensim is employed to establish the SD model with economy,
   transportation, and employment subsystems.  It is then calibrated based on
   the historical statistics data in Liaoning Province, China.  Finally,
   scenario analysis of different transportation investment plans is presented.
   The results will help investors, policymakers, and government agencies to
   estimate the potential outcomes of proposed transportation investment plans
   and to further develop optimal policies for transportation investment.
DE economics; employment; impact evaluation; system dynamics; transportation
   infrastructure investment; vensim
ID performance; growth

---

UT 77
AR Shahsavani E, 2019, AMB EXPRESS, V9, DOI 10.1186/s13568-019-0882-6
TI Developing a system dynamics model for prediction of phosphorus in
   facultative stabilization ponds
AU Shahsavani E; Ebrahimi AA; Ehrampoush MH; Maleknia H; Eslami H; Samaei MR
TC 1
SO AMB EXPRESS
PY 2019
AB System dynamics is considered as a computer-aided approach to policy
   analysis and design.  It includes the response and reaction of a system to
   external shocks.  In the present research, following the sampling and
   testing phases, a system dynamics model was developed for modeling of
   phosphorus in facultative stabilization ponds.  First, the scheme of soluble
   reactive phosphorous stock, its specifications and parameters were
   determined and created in the VenSim PLE 7.1 software.  Then, mathematical
   relations were determined for each process.  Finally, the model was
   calibrated and verified based on the data from the Yazd facultative ponds,
   Iran.  Sensitivity analysis showed that the most important factors affecting
   phosphorus concentration in the ponds are the phosphorus settling rate,
   losses caused by algal respiration and excretion, while the losses caused by
   herbivorous zooplanktons, hydrolysis rate of inorganic carbon, and ratio of
   phosphorus to chlorophyll-a had the least importance.  Results showed that,
   algal growth rate and phosphorus settling rate were important factors in
   phosphorus removal.  Hence, with appropriate retention time in the pond, it
   can be managed more properly.  The ratio of phosphorus to algae had less
   importance in the model.  The ratio of carbon to phosphorus and rate of
   respiration of carnivorous zooplanktons did not affect the phosphorus
   concentration.  It is recommended that this model can be used for pond
   management and overall assessment of facultative ponds.
DE phosphorus modeling; system dynamics modeling; wastewater stabilization
   ponds; facultative ponds
ID wastewater treatment; optimization; disinfection; microalgae; design

---

UT 78
AR Mofarrahi M, 2023, EUR J INT MANAG, V20, P167, DOI 10.1504/EJIM.2023.131364
TI System dynamics simulation model for inventory optimisation of
   manufacturers: a case study in electrical industry
AU Mofarrahi M; Galankashi MR; Helmi SA; Rafiei FM
TC 0
SO EUR J INT MANAG
PY 2023
AB System Dynamics (SD) is an approach to understand the behaviour of complex
   systems over the time.  Although SD has been applied in different areas, its
   integration with fuzzy inventory optimisation is less investigated.  In
   addition, customers' demand fluctuation is a significant factor in inventory
   optimisation which is not studied in previous literature.  Therefore, this
   study applies SD to consider customers' demand fluctuation and improve the
   inventory level of companies.  Particularly, a SD model is constructed in
   iThink software to represent the inventory level of the companies.
   Following, the Stock and Flow Diagrams (SFDs) are applied to represent the
   structure of the system.  Next, three variables of demand variation, demand
   average and the highest demand are modelled in Matlab Simulink fuzzy
   controller to optimise the inventory.  According to the obtained results,
   the inventory level of the considered case study is optimised by applying
   the developed model.  Finally, obtained results are compared with the
   current inventory level of the company and some managerial implications are
   suggested.
DE inventory optimization; system dynamics; ithink software; matlab simulink
ID vendor managed inventory; supply chain management; hybrid simulation; food;
   retailer; demand; design; cycle; price

---

UT 79
AR Akopov AS, 2012, INT J COMPUT APPL T, V45, P220, DOI
   10.1504/IJCAT.2012.051122
TI Designing of integrated system-dynamics models for an oil company
AU Akopov AS
TC 20
SO INT J COMPUT APPL TECHNOL
PY 2012
AB This paper presents a new approach to designing integrated simulation models
   for large corporations.  This approach is based on the use of system-
   dynamics methods for implementing models of segments of the vertically
   integrated company taking into account the available direct and feedback
   links.  All models have been designed with the help of power simulation tool
   -Powersim Studio.  In addition, the designed simulation system has been
   integrated with created genetic algorithm and the corporate data warehouse.
DE computer modeling and simulation; vioc; vertically integrated oil company;
   investment activity; powersim studio; genetic optimization algorithm; system
   dynamics
ID genetic algorithm

---

UT 80
AR Zhuang X, 2020, J INTELL FUZZY SYST, V38, P6883, DOI 10.3233/JIFS-179766
TI Intelligent simulation of enterprise re-innovation support system based on
   system dynamics
AU Zhuang X
TC 3
SO J INTELL FUZZY SYST
PY 2020
AB Technology innovation failure exists objectively.  How to provide support
   for failed enterprises and improve their willingness to re-innovate has
   become a hot issue in the field of innovation management.  To build a re-
   innovation support system for enterprises with failed innovation from the
   perspective of institutional environment, the system model of the re-
   innovation support system of the enterprises with failed innovation was
   established through the system dynamics method, the system boundary was
   defined, the causal relationship and the system flow graph of the model were
   analyzed, and the operation effect of the support system model was
   intelligent simulated by using Vensim software.  The results show that
   institutional support can effectively reduce the number of enterprises with
   failed innovation, increase the number of re-innovation enterprises, and
   further improve the enterprise income and government revenue, thus verifying
   the effectiveness of the re-innovation support system of enterprises with
   failed innovation.
DE re-innovation; support system; system dynamics; intelligent simulation
ID failure; entrepreneurs

---

UT 81
AR Zarghami M, 2016, ARAB J GEOSCI, V9, DOI 10.1007/s12517-016-2676-3
TI Reservoir operation using system dynamics under climate change impacts: a
   case study of Yamchi reservoir, Iran
AU Zarghami M; Fotookian MR; Safari N; Aslanzadeh A
TC 12
SO ARAB J GEOSCI
PY 2016
AB This paper proposes a decision support system for Yamchi reservoir operation
   in semi-arid region of Iran.  The paper consists of the following steps:
   Firstly, the potential impacts of climate change on the streamflow are
   predicted.  The study then presents the projections of future changes in
   temperature and precipitation under A2 scenario using the LARS-WG
   downscaling model and under RCP2.6, RCP4.5, and RCP8.5 using the statistical
   downscaling model (SDSM) in the northwestern of Iran.  To do so, a general
   circulation model of HadCM3 is downscaled by using the LARS-WG model.  As a
   result, the average temperature, for the horizon 2030 (2011-2030), will
   increase by 0.77 degrees C and precipitation will decrease by 11 mm.
   Secondly, the downscaled variables are used as input to the artificial
   neural network to investigate the possible impact of climate change on the
   runoffs.  Thirdly, the system dynamics model is employed to model different
   scenarios for reservoir operation using the Vensim software.  System
   dynamics is an effective approach for understanding the behavior of complex
   systems.  Simulation results demonstrate that the water shortage in
   different sectors (including agriculture, domestic, industry, and
   environmental users) will be enormously increased in the case of business-
   as-usual strategy.  In this research, by providing innovative management
   strategies, including deficit irrigation, the vulnerability of reservoir
   operation is reduced.  The methodology is evaluated by using different
   modeling tests which then motivates using the methodology for other
   arid/semi-arid regions.
DE watershed management; system dynamics; climate-change; yamchi reservoir
ID water resources management; decision support tool; model

---

UT 82
AR Tan BS, 2015, J ENG SCI TECHNOL, V10, P1150
TI SUSTAINABLE GROWTH OF THE COMMERCIAL AVIATION INDUSTRY IN MALAYSIA USING A
   SYSTEM DYNAMICS APPROACH
AU Tan BS; Yap EH
TC 5
SO J ENG SCI TECHNOL
PY 2015
AB The environmental impact of the commercial aviation industry for an emerging
   economy like Malaysia is under-studied.  The focus on the subject has thus
   far concentrated either on non-geographical performance of the aviation
   industry or technical performance of aircrafts and that leaves the
   sustainability of the commercial aviation industry for an economy, or more
   specifically, an emerging economy least understood.  Hence, this paper aims
   to investigate the sustainability of the growth of the commercial aviation
   industry in Malaysia and its impact upon the environment using a system
   dynamics approach.  VENSIM is employed to model the commercial aviation
   industry in Malaysia as a dynamic system to evaluate the CO2 emitted from
   each component within the industry in order to forecast its overall CO2
   emission.  Results from the analysis show that sustainable growth can be
   affected by adopting short and long term strategies identified in this
   study.
DE system dynamics; commercial aviation; malaysia; aircraft design

---

UT 83
AR Wang XF/1, 2023, J SYST ENG ELECTRON, V34, P1225, DOI
   10.23919/JSEE.2023.000124
TI Research on strategic risk identification method of equipment system
   development based on system dynamics
AU Wang XF/1; Wang T; Zhou X; Wang YF
TC 3
SO J SYST ENG ELECTRON
PY 2023
AB Strategic management of equipment system development must attach importance
   to effective strategic risk management.  Aiming at the identification of
   strategic risk of equipment system development, firstly, the source of
   strategic risk of equipment system development is analyzed and classified.
   Based on this, a causal loop diagram of strategic risk of equipment system
   development based on system dynamics is established.  The system dynamics
   analysis software Vensim PLE is used to carry out the risk influencing
   factors analysis, risk consequences analysis, risk feedback loop
   identification and corresponding pre-control measures, and achieves a good
   risk identification effect.
DE equipment system development strategy management; strategic risk management;
   risk identification; system dynamics; loop diagram of causality
ID project-management; construction; impacts; model

---

UT 84
AR Galarneau KD, 2020, POULT SCI, V99, P5547, DOI 10.1016/j.psj.2020.08.011
TI A system dynamics model for disease management in poultry production
AU Galarneau KD; Singer RS; Wills RW
TC 9
SO POULT SCI
PY 2020
AB The objective of this article was to provide the nonmodeler reader of
   Poultry Science, an overview of the system dynamics modeling method (SDM)
   through development of a broiler house disease management simulator (BHDMS).
   System dynamics modeling uses feedback theory and computer-aided simulation
   to help elucidate relationships between factors in complex systems, which
   may be circular or interrupted with long delays.  Materials used to build
   the simulator include data from literature and industry indices.  The
   methods used were the steps in SDM, namely: 1) Identify the problem and
   boundaries; 2) develop a dynamic hypothesis explaining cause of the problem;
   3) build the causal loop diagram (CLD); 4) develop the stock and flow model;
   5) conduct model simulations; and 6) model validation.  Results presented
   here are the CLD and stock and flow model of the simulator, results of
   scenario simulations, and model validity tests.  The simulator consists of
   the main model, the disease submodel, and the antimicrobial use submodel.
   The main model represents a cycle of production in the broiler house of a
   specified length of time, which repeats after a specified down time.  The
   disease submodel shows population dynamics in the broiler house in terms of
   changes over time in number of susceptible, infected, recovered, and dead
   birds.  Production parameters that could be modified in the model include
   delivery size, grow-out period, down time, and efficacy of antimicrobials.
   Disease mortality levels, above the set threshold, trigger antimicrobial use
   in the model.  The model showed the effect of antimicrobial use intervention
   on the population dynamics, namely, on the proportion of the susceptible,
   infected, recovered, and dead birds in the population.  Thus, the BHDMS was
   able to simulate the effect of the intervention on population dynamics and
   would facilitate evaluating management interventions such as antimicrobial
   use.
DE broiler house disease management simulator; poultry production system;
   system dynamics modeling; vensim
ID necrotic enteritis; salmonella-typhimurium; campylobacter-jejuni;
   coccidiosis; survival; chickens; health

---

UT 85
AR Poornikoo M, 2019, J MODEL MANAG, V14, P610, DOI 10.1108/JM2-04-2018-0045
TI System dynamics modeling with fuzzy logic application to mitigate the
   bullwhip effect in supply chains
AU Poornikoo M; Qureshi MA
TC 17
SO J MODEL MANAG
PY 2019
AB Purpose A plethora of studies focused on the cause and solutions for the
   bullwhip effect, and consequently many have successfully experimented to
   dampen the effect.  However, the feasibility of such studies and the actual
   contribution for supply chain performance are yet up for debate.  This paper
   aims to fill this gap by providing a holistic system-based perspective and
   proposes a fuzzy logic decision-making implementation for a single-product,
   three-echelon and multi-period supply chain system to mitigate such effect.
   Design/methodology/approach This study uses system dynamics (SD) as the
   central modeling method for which Vensim (R) is used as a tool for hybrid
   simulation.  Further, the authors used MATLAB for undertaking fuzzy logic
   modeling and constructing a fuzzy inference system that is later on
   incorporated into SD model for interaction with the main supply chain
   structure.  Findings This research illustrated the usefulness of fuzzy
   estimations based on experts' linguistically and logically defined
   parameters instead of relying merely on the traditional demand forecasting
   based on time series.  Despite the increased complexity of the calculations
   and structure of the fuzzy model, the bullwhip effect has been considerably
   decreased resulting in an improved supply chain performance.
   Originality/value This study presents a systemic approach to deal with
   uncertainty and vagueness in dynamic models, which might be a major cause in
   generating the bullwhip effect.  For this purpose, the combination between
   fuzzy set theory and system dynamics is a significant step forward.
DE system dynamics; simulation; supply chain; fuzzy logic; bullwhip effect
ID industrial dynamics; inventory

---

UT 86
AR Li L, 2023, J ENV PLAN MANAG, V66, P2576, DOI 10.1080/09640568.2022.2076068
TI Environmental infrastructure and urban residents' well-being: a system
   dynamics approach
AU Li L; Zheng YL; Ma SJ; Li MQ
TC 17
SO J ENV PLAN MANAG
PY 2023
AB The continuous expansion of environmental infrastructure systems plays a
   crucial role in urban sustainable development.  While bringing significant
   environmental benefits, it also has negative impacts on the improvement of
   residents' well-being (such as the 'not in my backyard' phenomenon). In this
   study, the system dynamics (SD) methodology is used to dissect the complex
   interactions between environmental infrastructure and urban residents' well-
   being.  Using Vensim modeling software and Chinese data from 2014-2019, this
   study designs basic and extended scenarios to discover urban environmental
   infrastructure development measures that effectively contribute to
   residents' well-being.  The simulation results reveal that, in the basic
   scenarios, the pattern focusing on environmental protection and resource-
   saving development is effective, while the collaborative development may
   have more long-term value.  In comparison, in the extended scenarios,
   developing energy supply and pollution treatment facilities can effectively
   improve urban residents' subjective well-being.  But there are more factors
   to consider when planning urban green infrastructure.
DE environmental infrastructure; scenario analysis; subjective well-being;
   system dynamics
ID green infrastructure; metropolitan-area; energy recovery; water resources;
   air pollution; china; model; sustainability; urbanization; emissions

---

UT 87
AR Lei T, 2014, INT J MIN SCI TECHNO, V24, P201, DOI
   10.1016/j.ijmst.2014.01.010
TI Simulation study of coal mine safety investment based on system dynamics
AU Lei T; Yuanyuan D
TC 22
SO INT J MIN SCI TECHNOL
PY 2014
AB To generate dynamic planning for coal mine safety investment, this study
   applies system dynamics to decision-making, classifying safety investments
   by accident type.  It validates the relationship between safety investments
   and accident cost, by structurally analyzing the causality between safety
   investments and their influence factors.  Our simulation model, based on
   Vensim software, conducts simulation analysis on a series of actual data
   from a coalmine in Shanxi Province.  Our results indicate a lag phase in
   safety investments, and that increasing pre-phase safety investment reduces
   accident costs.  We found that a 24% increase in initial safety investment
   could help reach the target accident costs level 14 months earlier.  Our
   simulation test included nine kinds of variation trends of accident costs
   brought by different investment ratios on accident prevention.  We found an
   optimized ratio of accident prevention investments allowing a mine to reach
   accident cost goals 4 months earlier, without changing its total investment.
   (C) 2014 Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of China University of Mining
   & Technology.
DE system dynamics; coal mine; safety investment; cost of accident

---

UT 88
AR Karthick K, 2023, BR FOOD J, V125, P626, DOI 10.1108/BFJ-06-2021-0702
TI Maximising profit by waste reduction in postharvest Supply Chain of tomato
AU Karthick K; Ajit AB; Subramanaian V; Anbuudayasankar SP; Narassima MS;
   Hariharan D
TC 10
SO BR FOOD J
PY 2023
AB Purpose The paper aims to analyse the postharvest Supply Chain (SC) of
   tomatoes to maximise profit by restructuring the modes of operation.
   Design/methodology/approach System Dynamics-based simulation of four
   scenarios depicting different operational modes of postharvest food SC was
   employed.  Real-time of Tamil Nadu state, India was used to enact the
   scenarios using Vensim.  Findings Results indicated that cold storage
   improved the profit of wholesalers by prolonging the shelf-life of
   commodities.  Retailers and farmers gained more profit in the absence of
   wholesalers.  Though the absence of middlemen reduces the transit time and
   prevents deterioration, the role of wholesalers, i.e.  transporting the
   commodities to farther customers' needs to be shouldered by other agents
   effectively to minimise losses.  Research limitations/implications The
   accuracy of the results depend on the exactness of the data collected.  The
   simulation findings, on the other hand, could be helpful in decision-making
   as these models portray the actual operational modes of postharvest SC. The
   suitability of each network structure depends on the capabilities of the
   agents, market scenario and demography.  Implications based on discussions
   with stakeholders and in terms of establishing dedicated societies
   (cooperatives) have been provided.  Originality/value Postharvest losses
   incurred for horticultural crops like tomatoes are significantly high.  It
   is of much importance to India as agriculture contributes to 17% of the
   Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and India is the second-largest producer of
   tomatoes globally.  The study would shed light on restructuring the network
   appropriately.
DE postharvest supply chain; tomato; system dynamics; stock-and-flow model
ID system dynamics; losses

---

UT 89
AR Nozari H, 2022, WATER ENV J, V36, P299, DOI 10.1111/wej.12767
TI Management of agricultural saline drainage using system dynamics approach
AU Nozari H; Liaghat AM; Azadi S
TC 4
SO WATER ENV J
PY 2022
AB Agricultural drainage water quality changes over time until it reaches a
   balance.  In areas with shallow and saline groundwater, it might take
   several years to reach a balance.  In such cases, knowledge of the quantity
   and quality of drainage water is necessary to manage it.  The drainage water
   generated must then be managed for reuse purposes where it is of suitable
   quality and is finally discharged or disposed of.  In this paper, the system
   dynamics technique was used to manage this drainage water.  The study used
   the system dynamic programming tool VENSIM. The model developed in this
   study is capable of managing drainage water by combination of existing
   solutions such as mixture of irrigation water, used for downstream and
   cultivation of salt tolerant plants, used for irrigation of salt-friendly
   plant, discharged into a river and discharged to evaporation ponds,
   simultaneously.  The model was run using actual data for Khuzestan Province
   of Iran.  The results showed that the model could be an opportunity for the
   design and management of drainage systems.
DE drainage system; drainage water quantity; saline drainage water; system
   dynamics technique
ID electrical-conductivity

---

UT 90
AR Campuzano-Bolarin F, 2025, CENT EUR J OPER RES, DOI
   10.1007/s10100-025-00999-4
TI From natural language to executable models.  How ChatGPT writes a system
   dynamics model
AU Campuzano-Bolarin F; López-López D; Martin-Garcia J; Bogataj M
TC 1
SO CENT EUR J OPER RES
PY 2025
AB The process of creating a simulation model, in particular using the System
   Dynamics methodology, is a complex and time-intensive task.  It begins with
   a clear understanding of the problem, followed by the identification of key
   variables, and culminates in the construction of a Stock and Flow Diagram.
   Traditionally, this process has been laborious, requiring significant manual
   effort to translate a conceptual understanding into a functional model.
   With the advent of advanced AI tools like ChatGPT and Collaborative AI, this
   process can be significantly streamlined.  This paper presents a
   personalized ChatGPT prompt, DAVID (c) (Draw A Vensim Initial Draft) that
   can automate the creation of a complete Vensim model, from problem
   description to a fully functional simulation.  The importance of this tool,
   which is easy to use and modify, lies in the fact that it allows people who
   are not experts in creating simulation models to create them without prior
   training or experience.
DE chatgpt; collaborative ai; system dynamics; artificial-intelligence;
   modeling

---

UT 91
AR Musyarofah SA, 2025, BRAZ J OPER PROD MANAG, V22, DOI
   10.14488/BJOPM.2391.2025
TI Qualitative system dynamics model for composing industrial estate readiness
   factors
AU Musyarofah SA; Tontowi AE; Masruroh NA; Wibowo BS
TC 0
SO BRAZ J OPER PROD MANAG
PY 2025
AB Goal: This paper analyzes the factors composing industrial estate (IE)
   readiness through Qualitative System Dynamics (SD) to provide an overview of
   the phenomena occurring in IE in Indonesia.<br />
   Design/Methodology/Approach: So modeling analyzes all the factors that
   compose the IE's readiness.  The stages were problem articulation, boundary
   selection, and formulation of the dynamic hypothesis by designing Model
   Boundary Diagrams (MBD) and Causal Loop Diagrams (CLD) using Vensim
   software.<br /> Results: The CLD results capture the factors composing
   Indonesia's IE readiness model.  Those factors include supply chain
   readiness, market readiness, human resources readiness, regulatory
   readiness, institutional readiness, and selection of the right industrial
   estate location.  In addition, several policy recommendations are<br />
   proposed to help overcome the problems faced by the development of IE in
   Indonesia.  Limitations of the investigation: The SD model used is still
   qualitative (up to the CLD stage), the factors that compose IE readiness
   have yet to be quantified, and there is no model validation.  Further study
   is needed to quantify the model by obtaining empirical data and developing
   practical measurement indicators.<br /> Practical implications: The model is
   expected to be beneficial for IE decision-makers and policymakers, Including
   the government and other stakeholders, to develop the IE by measuring the
   readiness of IEs from all aspects so that the IE can attract more industrial
   tenants and optimize the IE occupancy rate will be optimal.
   Originality/Value: Describe the cause-and-effect relationship model based on
   the diagram for IE readiness as a recommendation for designing a readiness
   measurement tool for IE development in Indonesia.  In addition, It can
   corpplement existing readiness documents as evaluation material for
   developing IEs in Indonesia at this time.<br />
DE indonesia; industrial estate; readiness; system dynamics; qualitative
ID park; management; clusters

---

UT 92
AR Lu Y, 2016, SAFETY SCI, V89, P219, DOI 10.1016/j.ssci.2016.06.018
TI System dynamics modeling of the safety evolution of blended-wing-body
   subscale demonstrator flight testing
AU Lu Y/1; Zhang SG; Hao L; Huangfu HY; Sheng H
TC 22
SO SAF SCI
PY 2016
AB Between 2008 and 2010, three blended-wing-body (BWB) aircraft configuration
   subscale demonstrators developed by our research team encountered frequent
   accidents in flight tests.  After the crash of the third demonstrator in
   March 2010, we initialized a systematic safety control approach and achieved
   improved safety records on the fourth demonstrator in 2012. This paper aims
   to develop a system dynamics model to represent such safety evolution
   process and to reveal the organizational mechanism involving complex dynamic
   interactions of accident causal factors (technical, organizational and
   human). Using VENSIM (R) software as a modeling tool, a qualitative system
   dynamic simulation is performed to model the feedback relationships of
   safety-related variables that affect the accident rate of demonstrator
   flight testing across time.  This paper gives an innovative example to apply
   system dynamics methodology on accident causation analysis in the area of
   aviation.  (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE demonstrator flight accident; organization system safety; system dynamics;
   causal loop; stock/flow simulation
ID hazard analysis; incidents; culture

---

UT 93
AR Qiu Y, 2015, J IND ENG MANAG-JIEM, V8, P783, DOI 10.3926/jiem.1325
TI A System Dynamics Model for Simulating the Logistics Demand Dynamics of
   Metropolitans: A Case Study of Beijing, China
AU Qiu Y; Shi XL; Shi CH
TC 10
SO J IND ENG MANAG
PY 2015
AB Purpose: We attempted to propose an approach to simulate the dynamics of
   Beijing's logistics demand, which can do some help to find out the dynamics
   path of the needed storage and shipment, put forward with logistics policies
   and enhance logistics service.  Design/methodology/approach: We present a
   paper with system dynamics (SD) methodology, which was run by the software
   of Vensim (R). Findings: With SD model, causal loop diagram and stock and
   flow diagram are constructed, as well as some experiments and policy
   analysis.  The research findings revealed that the increase of average
   shipping capacity for a vehicle will bring a decrease in congestion and CO2
   emission directly and the decrease of the average fuel use for a vehicle can
   help with the reduction of CO2 emission directly.  Both the two parameters
   are the indirect causes of logistics demand dynamics in Beijing.
   Originality/value: Researches of this paper are aiming at handling logistics
   demand dynamics of Beijing, problems belonging to the area of complex
   systems, with SD model, where, to the best of our knowledge, no significant
   research has been done.
DE logistics demand; system dynamics; beijing
ID policymaking; supply chain; sustainability; management; strategies;
   framework; industry

---

UT 94
AR Clouth J, 2009, GESUNDH QUAL, V14, P302, DOI 10.1055/s-0028-1109447
TI Evaluating Health Care using System Dynamics Modelling - a Case Study in
   Schizophrenia
AU Clouth J; Knoll S; Eichmann F
TC 1
SO GESUNDH QUAL
PY 2009
AB Aim: To demonstrate based on a schizophrenia case study model that System
   Dynamics Modelling (SDM), a set of conceptual tools that help understanding
   the structure and dynamics of complex systems, can be a useful method in the
   field of health care evaluation, specifically to assess cost of illness and
   budget impact of complex diseases.  Methods: Using the specific Vensim DSS
   and Venapp software tools, a case study model was programmed, simulating
   schizophrenia costs in Germany up to the year 2050. Fixed model input was
   the age structure of the German population, the suicidal rate for the
   general population and for people diagnosed with schizophrenia, the general
   death rate and the proportion of suicides and schizophrenia prevalence and
   incidence.  Subsystems of the model were: patient stocks and flows,
   medication cost, treatment cost, other relevant cost, occupational
   disability cost, early retirement cost, total schizophrenia cost, age
   distribution and auxiliary calculations.  Results: The case study
   schizophrenia SDM model allows analyzing the distribution of schizophrenia
   costs in the German health systems and demonstrates how the cost
   distribution changes with changing conditions (e.g.  reduced relapse rate
   with the spread of more efficient medication). For the base case scenario -
   at the beginning of the model in the year 2000 - early retirement cost
   accounted for almost 50% of the monthly total costs of schizophrenia of
   474180 000 epsilon, followed by hospital costs, costs of occupational
   disability, and costs of non-medical complementary offerings.  Indirect
   costs were much more important than direct costs.  Costs of schizophrenia
   reached a peak around the year 2010 and decreased thereafter.  With an
   increasing percentage of patients taking atypicals overall costs were
   decreasing.  Conclusions: This paper supports system dynamics modelling as
   an alternative, flexible and user friendly modelling technique for
   application in health care evaluation.
DE health system evaluation; system dynamics; modeling; sdmmodeling;
   schizophrenia; antipsychotic medication

---

UT 95
AR Soto MM, 2013, REV TEC FAC ING UNIV ZULIA, V36, P80
TI System dynamics in the simulation of the effect of knowledge management on
   the supply chain of corn agroindustry (Zea mays L.)
AU Soto MM; Monroy CR; Araujo MG; Díaz AM
TC 1
SO REV TEC FAC ING UNIV ZULIA
PY 2013
AB System dynamics is a suitable tool for building managementmodels, because of
   its easy application in solving unstructured problems.  In the 21st century
   the sustainability of organizations is influenced by the way in which they
   manage their knowledge.  In this sense, knowledge management (KM) represents
   a strategy that contributes to the improvement of production of the supply
   chain (SC) of the corn industry (CI). The aim of this research is to develop
   an Information Technology (IT) model that enables the simulation of the
   effect of KM on the CI production.  The methodology applied was that of
   System Dynamics through the use of the Vensim PLE (R) v.  5.10 software,
   whose determinant indicators were selected through an empirical study of KM
   in the SC of the precooked corn flour industry in Venezuela.  In the study
   it was concluded that the balanced application of KM practices both in the
   strategic dimension and in the functional dimension, achieves an increase in
   production through the stabilization of the system.  In this respect, it is
   recommended to continue with the evaluation of the developed methodology in
   other agro-industrial environments.
DE system dynamics; supply chain; knowledge management; corn agroindustry

---

UT 96
AR Firmanto AB, 2025, EXTR IND SOC, V24, DOI 10.1016/j.exis.2025.101742
TI System dynamics approach to Indonesia's national tin production planning
AU Firmanto AB; Wibisono D; Siallagan MPS; Mubarok MZ; Febrianti R; Andariesta
   D
TC 0
SO EXTR IND SOC
PY 2025
AB Indonesia, as the world's leading tin producer, faces increasing pressure to
   balance economic growth with sustainable resource management.  Unregulated
   exploitation has led to environmental degradation, resource depletion, and
   market volatility.  This study applies a system dynamics (SD) modeling
   approach to optimize national tin production by simulating three scenarios:
   low (40,000 tons/year), moderate (50,000 tons/year), and high (80,000
   tons/year).Our methodology integrated: (1) data collection from government
   and industry sources; (2) causal loop diagramming to map system
   interconnections; (3) stock-flow model development in Vensim; (4) validation
   through pattern-matching; and (5) multi-scenario simulation across 50 years.
   Critical to this approach was the indexing of variables to capture temporal
   changes in resource quality and market conditions, enabling more accurate
   long-term projections.  Analysis of reserve depletion, supply-demand ratio,
   prices, and revenue revealed that high production rates accelerate reserve
   exhaustion and trigger price suppression, reducing longterm revenue.  Low to
   moderate production levels maintain higher prices and extend resource
   lifespan.  The optimal production rate of 55,000-60,000 tons/year balances
   economic returns with sustainability and market stability.  This study
   provides policymakers with a framework to align production quotas with
   sustainable development goals, supporting evidence-based regulations.
   Limitations include the exclusion of social, regional, and technological
   variables, which future research should address.
DE system dynamics; tin production; resource sustainability; economic
   optimization; indonesia

---

UT 97
AR Suryani E, 2026, SUSTAIN DEV, DOI 10.1002/sd.70719
TI Integrating Predictive Modeling and Circular Economy Principles for
   Sustainable Soybean Agriculture
AU Suryani E; Wibisono A; Mudjahidin M; Az-Zahra A; Pramundito RJ; Gunawan G;
   Kurniawan D
TC 0
SO SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2026
AB Indonesia's persistent dependence on soybean imports threatens national food
   security, a challenge exacerbated by a stark demographic-agricultural
   mismatch.  This research introduces a novel, integrated approach to
   sustainable agriculture in East Java by combining System Dynamics (SD)
   modeling with Circular Economy (CE) principles.  Developed using Vensim PLE,
   the model captures the non-linear interactions within the regional soybean
   value cycle, specifically addressing the projected contraction of harvest
   areas from 238,136 to 134,478 ha by 2025. The novelty of this work lies in
   using SD to identify the exact economic thresholds where converting
   agricultural residues into high-value livestock feed via pelletizer
   technology triggers a transformative feedback loop.  While traditional
   models focus narrowly on yield, this study demonstrates that the
   SCN_Pelletizer scenario shifts the sector from a subsistence-based model to
   a resilient industrial corridor.  Scenario simulations reveal that despite
   initial capital expenditures, the CE pathway reaches a break-even point by
   2030 and elevates long-term farmer profits to IDR 36 million/ha by 2040.
   These findings provide a practical roadmap to bridge a critical supply-
   demand gap-where the fulfillment ratio is projected to plummet to 15.9%-by
   diversifying income streams and fostering regional economic resilience.
DE circular economy; food security; predictive modeling; sustainable
   agriculture; system dynamics
ID system dynamics type; validation

---

UT 98
AR Sanchez-Céspedes JM, 2022, ING COMPET, V24, DOI 10.25100/iyc.v24i2.11573
TI Simulation Model for the Evaluation of Environmental Policies Through the
   Characterization of Air Pollution in the City of Bogota using System
   Dynamics
AU Sanchez-Céspedes JM; Gaona-Barrera AE; Dallos-Parra DL
TC 0
SO ING COMPET
PY 2022
AB Poor air quality in large cities such as Bogota, due to fixed and mobile
   emission sources of particulate matter, negatively affects the social,
   economic and ecological systems of the city.  Population growth is one of
   the main causes that influence air pollution.  Therefore, it is considered
   necessary to analyze the cause-effect relationships of pollution, its
   sources and the effects on the population.  For this reason, developing a
   model using computer tools such as system dynamics, which can evaluate
   different environmental policy scenarios, will help to reduce pollution
   levels and improve the life quality of the population.  The methodology used
   was quasi-experimental with a quantitative approach, divided into four
   stages, gathering information, proposing the causal diagram, developing the
   simulation model and evaluating scenarios.  Vensim((R)) was the software
   used as the simulation tool.  As a result, it was found that highly
   polluting stationary and mobile sources cause an uncontrolled increase in
   PM10. It was also found that annual conversion rates to clean technologies
   must be 10% per year or higher to achieve a 50% reduction in PM10 levels, in
   the medium and long term.  The main conclusions were to determine that the
   use of simulation technologies such as system dynamics are very useful to
   formulate more effective environmental policies.  The simulation presented
   the need for environmental policies to be long-term structural policies that
   do not vary depending on the change of government.
DE environmental policies; air pollution; pm10; systems dynamics; bogota
ID disease

---

UT 99
AR Fu GM, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16146130
TI Simulation and Regulation of High-Quality Economic Development Based on
   System Dynamics and DPSIR Model
AU Fu GM; Tang JF
TC 3
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB The key to promoting high-quality economic development (HQED) is to identify
   the influencing factors and the complex relationships among them.  Under the
   guidance of China's new development concept, we systematically analyze the
   factors influencing the HQED based on the DPSIR (Driver-Pressure-State-
   Impact-Response) model.  We also establish a system dynamics model and adopt
   Vensim PLE x64 software to simulate the impact of dynamic changes on HQED,
   which include innovation, coordination, green, openness, sharing systems,
   and their combinations.  The results show that increasing green investment
   is the most effective, followed by enhancing regional coordination,
   enhancing foreign trade, and improving human capital.  Among the studied
   factors, improving livelihood is the weakest.  For multiple policy
   scenarios, the balanced scenario is the most efficient, followed by the
   environment-oriented, and the weakest is the openness-oriented scenario.
   Interestingly, combined policies are also more effective than single
   policies, which does not always apply.  Furthermore, the effect of the
   policy combination is more obvious with the strengthening of the
   implementation intensity, which is important for policymakers.
DE hqed; dpsir; system dynamics; simulation modeling; regulation

---

UT 100
AR Rahmati K, 2022, J HYDROL ENG, V27, DOI 10.1061/(ASCE)HE.1943-5584.0002197
TI System-Dynamics Approach to Multireservoir Energy Generation under Climate
   Change
AU Rahmati K; Ashofteh PS; Afzali R; Loáiciga HA
TC 7
SO J HYDROL ENG
PY 2022
AB This paper evaluates several efficiency indexes of hydropower energy
   generation in Iran's Karkheh Basin water reservoir system (i.e., Seymareh
   and Karkheh Rivers) under climate change based on the system dynamics
   approach.  The climate change effects are investigated with simulations of
   surface temperature and rainfall driven by downscaled climate projections
   from atmosphere-ocean circulation models in the current literature, and the
   models with the highest correlation and lowest error for rainfall and
   temperature in the 1976-2005 baseline period are identified.  Rainfall and
   temperature are projected over two future periods, 2040-2069 and 2070-2099,
   and are downscaled to basin scale.  Results project that the basin
   temperature over future periods will be higher than in the baseline period.
   Downscaled results under climate change indicate that rainfall will not
   follow a specific pattern.  An artificial neural network applied to predict
   runoff indicates that the runoff and flood peak will decrease.  Software is
   implemented to simulate the operation of hydropower reservoirs in baseline
   and future periods.  Five reservoir operation states are considered, with
   simulation results of energy production showing that runoff and energy
   production have a complex pattern.  Seven indexes of hydropower reservoir
   efficiency are also calculated for the five operation states corresponding
   to targets of energy production.
DE climate-change; vensim; efficiency indexes; system dynamics; multireservoir
   hydropower system
ID hydropower generation; performance; impact; water

---

UT 101
AR Nozari H, 2014, J IRRIG DRAIN ENG, V140, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)IR.1943-4774.0000748
TI Simulation of Drainage Water Quantity and Quality Using System Dynamics
AU Nozari H; Liaghat A
TC 19
SO J IRRIG DRAIN ENG-ASCE
PY 2014
AB The quantity and quality of drainage water in areas with shallow and saline
   groundwater changes over time until it reaches a balance.  The balance time
   is fairly long and depends on the characteristics of the shallow aquifer.
   Therefore, it is very important to simulate such phenomena in order to
   manage drain effluent, especially when it is supposed to discharge into the
   environment.  In this paper, the system dynamics technique was used to
   simulate the performance of a drainage system in the unsteady state
   condition.  The study used the system dynamic programming tool Vensim.  The
   model developed in this study is capable of predicting many hydrological
   variables such as water table fluctuation, drainage discharge, and the
   salinity of drain water and ground water.  The model was validated using
   data collected at a tile-drained experimental site irrigated with shallow
   ground water located in the Khuzestan province of Iran.  The results show
   that the standard error values in determining accuracy of simulated water
   table level, drainage discharge, and salinity of drain water are 14.4 cm,
   0.43 L/s, and 2.8 dS/m, respectively.  A sensitivity analysis was done to
   determine the response of simulated results to changes in model parameters.
   The results indicated a good agreement between the observed and simulated
   variables, and the model can be used to manage and control saline drainage
   water and also to prevent environmental damage.  (C) 2014 American Society
   of Civil Engineers.
DE drainage system; hydrological variables; salinity; system dynamics; unsteady
   state
ID drainmod; region; yield

---

UT 102
AR Saryazdi AHG, 2018, INT J QUAL RELIAB MANAG, V35, P1445, DOI
   10.1108/IJQRM-05-2017-0102
TI Waste management in a wire and cable company through system dynamics
   approach
AU Saryazdi AHG; Ghavidel M
TC 2
SO INT J QUAL RELIAB MANAG
PY 2018
AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to investigate the dynamics of waste
   production in the product structure of a wire and cable manufacturing
   company that deals with a high-volume waste and proposes strategies that
   reduce product costs.  Design/methodology/approach The methodology for this
   research is descriptive and expressive modeling in a way that theories of
   research have been extracted from literature and field studies have been
   done based on the company specialists' views.  The system dynamics has been
   used to analyze and model waste in a wire and cable firm.  Findings Applying
   SD approach in the paper not only helps to identify the structure of
   producing the waste, which is complicated and dynamic, but also proposes
   ways to reduce them and illustrate the applied results.  The second outcome
   shows that in the waste management there should be a digression in a
   managerial view to the systematic thought.  In the other word as in the
   system dynamic approach, the expansion of the model boundary is one of the
   objectives to find appropriate solution.  The behavior model showed that in
   the waste management the most effective way to reduce the waste is to buy
   qualified raw material which is out of the firm.  Originality/value This
   paper not only shows that the system dynamic approach is appropriate for the
   waste management problems which are complicated and dynamic but also proved
   that in the waste management system the solutions are not always near or
   within the firm.  They should be identified by a systematic approach.
DE waste management; system dynamics approach; vensim software
ID municipal solid-waste

---

UT 103
AR Abdi-Dehkordi M, 2021, ENVIRON DEV SUSTAIN, V23, P16246, DOI
   10.1007/s10668-021-01340-0
TI Developing a sustainability assessment framework for integrated management
   of water resources systems using distributed zoning and system dynamics
   approaches
AU Abdi-Dehkordi M; Bozorg-Haddad O; Salavitabar A; Goharian E
TC 14
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2021
AB The management of large-scale water resources systems requires including of
   different stakeholders and users from municipal, agricultural, industrial
   and environmental sectors.  This has baffled the process of decision making
   for integrated water resource systems.  In such systems, the interactions
   between various stakeholders must be carefully taken into account with the
   goal of aggregating interests around the sustainability concept.  In this
   study, first, the integrated water resources systems of Big Karun Watershed,
   Iran, have been modeled using the system dynamics approach.  The system
   dynamics model represents the interactions between different components of
   the system, including water transfer projects, dams, urban, industry,
   agriculture and fish farming, and environmental demands.  Vensim software
   has been used for the system dynamics modeling.  Vensim simulates the
   dynamics behavior of the sub-systems and overall performance of the system
   by comparing the current operation policies with the future management
   scenarios.  A wide range of performance indices, such as quantitative and
   qualitative water stress, income, cost, and productivity, have been used
   here to represent different aspects of sustainability goals.  Finally, the
   performance of the systems has been evaluated by developing a sustainability
   index using distributed zoning model in order to identify proper management
   policies for this watershed.  The results indicate that downstream users
   demand cannot be fully met by solely considering inter-basin water transfer
   and agricultural development projects.  The sustainable and integrated
   management of the whole system ties into enhancement in both infrastructure
   systems and the operation of the whole system.  It is expected that the
   sustainability of the basin improves if a water market schema exists and the
   gained money would be used to enhance the efficiency of existing irrigation
   networks.
DE integrated water resources management; sustainability; system dynamics
   approach; big karun basin

---

UT 104
AR Jahandideh-Tehrani M, 2014, J ENERGY ENG-ASCE, V140, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)EY.1943-7897.0000179
TI Power Generation Simulation of a Hydropower Reservoir System Using System
   Dynamics: Case Study of Karoon Reservoir System
AU Jahandideh-Tehrani M; Bozorg-Haddad O; Mariño MA
TC 10
SO J ENERGY ENG-ASCE
PY 2014
AB The system dynamics approach is an object-oriented simulation method based
   on feedback loops, flow diagrams, and flow and state variables, which can be
   used in the development of a water system's operational policies and water-
   resource management.  In reservoir operation simulations, there are
   iterative procedures (feedback loops) due to the dependency of reservoir
   release on both initial and final reservoir storage.  System dynamics can
   successfully satisfy this need.  Given the complex implicit and nonlinear
   relationships that exist in hydropower reservoirs, the system dynamics
   approach can be efficient in the planning and management of those
   reservoirs.  This paper develops a system-dynamics simulation model using
   Vensim for the operation of a hydropower reservoir system (Khersan 1, Karoon
   4, and Karoon 3) that is located in series and in parallel in the Karoon
   river basin, Iran.  Steps of the model design include definition of decision
   variables, formulation of model, and method of solution to compute the
   output of the hydropower reservoirs.  To assess the effects of the
   reservoirs on each other and the importance of each reservoir, operational
   scenarios are considered.  Reservoir performance criteria (reliability,
   resiliency, and vulnerability) and mean energy production over a 44-year
   simulation period are calculated for each operational scenario.  The results
   show that addition of the Khersan 1 reservoir to the system composed of
   Karoon 4 and Karoon 3 reservoirs increases the average amount of energy
   production by 20% without a significant loss in performance criteria.  The
   sensitivity analysis for Khersan 1 is conducted in two states.  The amounts
   of installed capacity of the power plant and maximum storage volume of the
   reservoir are increased by 20% and decreased by 20%, respectively.  The
   results show that, in terms of energy production, the effect of increasing
   the installed power-plant capacity of Khersan 1 is greater than that of
   increasing the maximum reservoir storage volume of this reservoir.
   Therefore, by considering the same percentage increase (20%) in both
   installed capacity and maximum storage volume, it is preferable to increase
   the installed capacity of the power plant at Khersan 1 reservoir.
DE simulation; reservoirs; hydro power; case studies; iran; simulation;
   operation; reservoir systems; hydropower; system dynamics
ID multicrop irrigation areas; hbmo algorithm; water; operation; optimization;
   management; discrete

---

UT 105
AR Zhang JH, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-13070-8
TI Systemic and dynamic risk analysis of drilling construction based on
   bayesian network and system dynamics model
AU Zhang JH; Wu LR; Zhang T; Wu D
TC 1
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB Drilling construction is a key means to obtain underground resources and
   information, and construction risk also directly affects the safety, economy
   and sustainability of engineering projects.  Aiming at the limitations of
   traditional risk assessment methods in the dynamic and systematic aspects,
   this paper proposes a comprehensive analysis method combining Bayesian
   network (BN) and system dynamics (SD). First, through expert interviews and
   field investigations, an evaluation system consisting of 5 dimensions and 20
   indicators was established, and the combination of entropy weight method and
   expert score was used to empower the system.  Then the three-layer Bayesian
   network was constructed by GeNIe, and the system dynamics model with 5
   feedback loops was established by Vensim-PLE to realize the static and
   dynamic coupling analysis of risk factors.  The study found that equipment
   integrity (59%), geological conditions (55%) and operational skills (51%)
   were the leading risk factors.  Finally, the model is applied to the actual
   scene, and the results are in agreement with the actual situation.  This
   study provides a theoretical framework of probability prediction and process
   optimization for the systematic analysis of complex drilling construction,
   and provides a more comprehensive risk analysis for drilling safety under
   complex geological conditions.
DE drilling construction; entropy weight method ( ewm ); bayesian network;
   system dynamics; risk analysis

---

UT 106
AR Wu YB, 2017, CLUST COMPUT, V20, P3147, DOI 10.1007/s10586-017-1028-8
TI Spatial-temporal allocation of regional land consolidation project based on
   landscape pattern and system dynamics
AU Wu YB; Li MN; Liu L; Zhang YF; Liu L/1; Wang L/1
TC 7
SO CLUST COMPUT
PY 2017
AB In order to determine the mode of spatial-temporal allocation about the
   regional land consolidation project, Qing county in Hebei province was set
   as the study area.  Based on the perspective of landscape pattern, by
   utilizing the method of system dynamics and synergetics, the influence of
   land consolidation project on landscape pattern and ecological process were
   analyzed.  By considering regional natural, environmental and social
   economic development conditions, the regional land consolidation project in
   time and space configuration model was build, which coupled the structure
   and function, time and space.  This model contains three sub-systems:
   social, economic and landscape ecological system.  Based on feedback theory,
   the level variable, rate variable, auxiliary variable and constant variable
   and other system variables were confirmed.  Then, used system dynamics
   theory the main feedback loop and secondary feedback loops in each sub-
   system were analyzed and level equations, rate equations and auxiliary
   equations of the feedback loops were built.  Thereby, the system model was
   got.  In the model, coupling and coordination degree was used to distinguish
   the total coupling and coordination condition of the system.  Used the
   actual data of research area from 2004 to 2015 as the simulation data, and
   the year of 2013 was set as the benchmark year of simulation.  All the
   relative error of the data was controlled in 2% through Vensim platform.
   The prediction system behavior from the model is the same as actual
   situation, which verified the applicability and accuracy of the model.  The
   results proved that this model can represent the dynamical evolution process
   of the coupling between the system factors.  At the time, combined with GIS
   technology, coordinated development model in dynamic scenes of the research
   area land consolidation project in time and space configuration has been
   simulated.
DE landscape pattern; land consolidation project; system dynamics; spatial-
   temporal allocation

---

UT 107
AR Treves A, 2025, ECOL MODEL, V503, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolmodel.2025.111057
TI Modelling system dynamics as a socio-ecological perspective to support
   human-beaver interactions
AU Treves A; Zenezini G; Comino E
TC 2
SO ECOL MODEL
PY 2025
AB Beavers are semi-aquatic mammals that significantly impact on freshwater
   ecosystems, creating benefits and challenges, particularly in areas with
   close human interaction.  Managing human-beaver interactions is a
   multifaceted issue due to the many variables involved, but the complexity of
   these interactions can be analysed effectively using system dynamics models.
   These models are used in many contexts, including wildlife management, to
   simulate a variety of management policies and assess their effects.  The
   present study addressed gaps in the literature by developing a system
   dynamics model that examined both the benefits and conflicts that arise from
   human-beaver interactions.  The model, implemented using Vensim PLE
   software, synthesised qualitative and quantitative data to simulate four
   simulation scenarios: ecological, social, economic, and policy making.  The
   study examined the dynamics of beaver populations, ecosystem service
   provision, social perceptions, and management strategies in a case study of
   the Ivrea lakes area in the Piedmont region (Italy). Model predictions
   highlights that beaver populations stabilized logistically, influencing
   ecosystem services and residual capital, while social acceptance stongly
   reduced management costs and social pressure.  Optimal budget allocation and
   combined strategies emerged as key to sustainable management and conflict
   mitigation.  Overall, predictions suggest that an integrated approach that
   prioritises prevention and actively engages local communities can improve
   both ecological outcomes and social acceptance of beavers.  The model is a
   useful decision and discussion tool for assessing management strategies and
   facilitating stakeholder involvement.  Future studies should expand on these
   results by exploring additional beaver-related conflicts and benefits in
   diverse contexts.
DE beaver management; ecosystem services; socio-ecological approach; system
   dynamics model; human-wildlife interactions
ID management; conflict; stewardship; design

---

UT 108
AR Shahsavari-Pour N, 2023, APPL SCI-BASEL, V13, DOI 10.3390/app13031662
TI A System Dynamics Approach to Optimize Milk Production in an Industrial
   Ranch
AU Shahsavari-Pour N; Rahimi-Ashjerdi S; Heydari A; Fekih A
TC 5
SO APPL SCI-BASEL
PY 2023
AB The milk production process on an industrial ranch consists of various and
   regular activities, with each requiring a proper management approach.
   Different variables also affect the milk production process, and the maximum
   milk production is achieved by identifying critical variables.  This work
   was motivated by the Fereidan Ahrar ranch management in Isfahan, Iran, which
   seeks to identify and optimize important variables to increase milk
   production.  This unit also considers livestock omission due to disease and
   losses as one of the important issues.  This kind of omission is followed by
   the increased medical costs of the ranch.  This paper investigated a system
   dynamics approach and Vensim software to simulate the milk production
   process considering the combination of demographic livestock and medical
   costs.  System sensitivity was analyzed using the design of experiment (DOE)
   technique and some scenarios were proposed to maximize milk production by
   identifying and tuning important variables affecting milk production.  The
   simulation results of the designed model showed five important variables
   affecting milk production.  These variables include the production cycle
   rate, voluntary omission rate, change rates of female calves per year that
   are entered into the life cycle of the ranch, pregnant heifers that become
   dairy herds after calving, and finally, the effect of the medical costs.
DE milk production; system dynamics; simulation; design of experiments;
   optimization
ID management-practices; modeling approach; mastitis; demand; death; cows

---

UT 109
AR Yeh SC, 2006, ENVIRON MODELL SOFTW, V21, P937, DOI
   10.1016/j.envsoft.2005.04.005
TI Simulation of soil erosion and nutrient impact using an integrated system
   dynamics model in a watershed in Taiwan
AU Yeh SC; Wang CA; Yu HC
TC 30
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2006
AB In recent years, erosion, sediment, and nutrient pollution have become
   issues of major concern in Taiwan.  Keelung River, as it flows across the
   Taipei metropolitan area, is one of the most important rivers with regard to
   these issues.  This research aims to compute and simulate erosion, sediment
   yield, and resulting nutrient pollution, together with related economic
   factors.  Related physical models were programmed using a system dynamics
   software package Vensim(R), for convenience in scenario designs and
   simulations.  GIS software ArcView(R) was employed to integrate digitized
   themes that contain data necessary for further computation and applications.
   EXCEL(R) was also used to link ArcView and Vensim and made an interactive
   computational model.  Five submodels, i.e., the soil erosion model, the
   sediment transportation model, the runoff model, the nutrient model, and the
   economic model, were included in this integrated model.  Through this model,
   it was estimated that, according to the hydrological and geographical data
   from last five years, the total annual amounts of soil erosion, sediment
   yield, and nutrient load are 292,327 tons, 101,661 tons, and 1428 tons,
   respectively.  These results can be compared with those derived from models
   in other researches.  As the model in this research was driven by a system
   dynamics core, scenario simulations can be carried out based on various
   combinations of system parameters.  This offers the model additional
   flexibility and applicability.  (C) 2005 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE scenario simulation; gis; system dynamics; excel; soil erosion; nutrient;
   sediment transportation; taiwan; vensim
ID information-system; fuzzy logic; solid-waste; management; sediment;
   prediction; prioritization; experience; catchment; areas

---

UT 110
AR Woo TH, 2015, ENERGY SOURCES A-RECOVERY UTIL ENV EFF, V37, P649, DOI
   10.1080/15567036.2011.590861
TI Safety Assessment for Power Uprate in the Nuclear Power Plant Using a System
   Dynamics (SD) Method by Monte Carlo Software
AU Woo TH
TC 3
SO ENERGY SOURCES A-RECOVERY UTIL ENV EFF
PY 2015
AB The power increase in the nuclear power plants has been investigated for the
   safety aspect.  Most equipment could be affected by the power uprate, which
   could increase the electricity power level.  The quantification of the
   uprate reliability is performed by the system dynamics method, which is
   processed by the feedback and accumulation algorithms.  The Vensim software
   package is used for the simulations, which is made by the Monte Carlo
   method.  There are two kinds of considerations as the economic and safety
   properties.  The result shows the stability of the operations when the power
   can be decided.  This shows the higher efficiency of the reactor.  The
   maximum value of risk is 157,887 in 2065 and the minimum value is 2 in 2010.
   Thus, the risk of the power uprate increases 78,954 times higher than the
   initial value in this study.
DE feedback; nuclear power plants; power uprate; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 111
AR Szarka N, 2008, ATMOS ENV, V42, P403, DOI 10.1016/j.atmosenv.2007.09.051
TI Atmospheric emissions modeling of energetic biomass alternatives using
   system dynamics approach
AU Szarka N; Kakucs O; Wolfbauer J; Bezama A
TC 10
SO ATMOS ENV
PY 2008
AB To simulate the quantitative effects of regional biomass alternatives for
   energetic purpose (BfE) on air pollutant emissions, a system dynamics model
   was developed and applied for the EuRegion Austrian-Hungarian cross-border
   area.  The dynamic simulation program Vensim (R) was used to build an
   overall regional model with economic, social and environmental sectors.
   Within this model, the here-introduced regional air pollution sub-model
   (RegAir) includes the important human-made emissions of 10 pollutants
   resulting from all relevant source sectors within the region investigated.
   Emissions from activities related to biomass production, transport,
   conversion and final energy consumption were built in detail.  After
   building and calibrating the RegAir model, seven quantitative test scenarios
   were defined and implemented into the model.  Through the scenarios
   simulation, effects on air emissions were followed and compared over time.
   The results of these simulations show a significant reduction of CO2
   emissions, especially in cases where fossil fuel displacement in heating
   devices is achieved on the largest scale.  On the contrary, traditional air
   pollutants increase by most BfE options.  The results of the RegAir model
   simulations of BfE alternatives over two decades provide useful
   quantifications of various air emissions and identify the less pollutant BfE
   alternatives in the dynamic context of the relevant air pollution sources of
   the region.  After minor structural modifications and appropriate
   calibration, RegAir can be applied to other regions as well.  However, it is
   stated that, to finally decide on the overall most-appropriate options at a
   regional level, other environmental as well as economic and social effects
   must be taken into consideration, being the latter the goal of the mentioned
   overall regional model which serves as a model frame to the RegAir tool.
   (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE atmospheric emissions; system dynamics; regional modeling; energetic biomass
ID sustainable development; indicators

---

UT 112
AR Feng RY, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13040269
TI Research on Autonomous Vehicle Technology Innovation Ecosystem in China
   Based on System Dynamics
AU Feng RY; Liu YQ; Li M; Zhou F
TC 1
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB Based on the perspective of an innovation ecosystem, the system dynamics
   research method is used to construct a technological innovation ecosystem
   model of autonomous vehicles in China.  Vensim PLE software was used for
   simulation to obtain the development trend of technological innovation from
   2015 to 2030 and to explore the impact of various elements inside the system
   on the overall system.  This research finds that the dynamic mechanism of
   China's autonomous vehicle technology innovation ecosystem mainly includes
   the innovation resource supply subsystem, the technology innovation
   diffusion subsystem, and the incentive and guarantee subsystem.  Each
   subsystem interacts to jointly promote continuous innovation and iterative
   upgrading of technology.  Education investment, infrastructure construction,
   innovation platform construction, and other factors all have a positive
   impact on the technological innovation level of autonomous vehicles, and the
   effect of multiple parameter changes is far more significant than that of
   single factor changes.  The number of research and development patents,
   level of technological innovation, actual adopters of technological
   innovation, and benefits of technological innovation are all showing a good
   growth trend in the future.  Accordingly, it is concluded that there should
   be optimization of scientific research investment strategies, acceleration
   of infrastructure layout, and expansion of application scenarios.  These
   insights provide a theoretical basis and practical guidance for promoting
   the high-quality development of autonomous vehicle technology in China.
DE autonomous vehicle; innovation ecosystems; technological innovation; system
   dynamics

---

UT 113
AR Crookes DJ, 2024, AFR J ECON MANAG SCI, V27, DOI 10.4102/sajems.v27i1.5069
TI A dynamic, stochastic, Bayesian, provincial input-output model for the South
   African economy
AU Crookes DJ
TC 0
SO AFR J ECON MANAG SCI
PY 2024
AB Background: The green economy has long been important in public discourses,
   as has been the forecasting of macroeconomic phenomena.  Aim: The purpose
   with this study was to construct a regional input-output model for the South
   African economy.  Setting: The model is a coupled input-output/system
   dynamics model.  It is dynamic in the sense that sector growth follows the
   'limits to growth' hypothesis.  The model is used to explore the impact on
   the green economy, and also on poverty indices.  Method: It was constructed
   using Vensim (R), a system dynamics modelling package.  Bayesian methods
   were utilised to estimate realistic values for the multipliers.  Type I
   multipliers for output, income, employment and gross value added (GVA) are
   estimated.  The model was then 'tested' by forecasting various resource
   sectors' GVA (i.e.  agriculture, mining, water, electricity). Results: The
   model fits the historical data well, replicating provincial GVA as well as
   national GVA to an acceptable standard.  The multipliers fell within
   appropriate ranges, and followed a priori expectations.  Conclusion: The
   model provides 'highly accurate' forecasts of various macroeconomic
   parameters, including the resources sectors.  The impact of different
   multipliers in the three resources sectors on various poverty indices in
   South Africa was also assessed.  Contribution: The model has great potential
   for further use in the agricultural, energy and resource sectors, but also
   has wider application since it provides a means for generating an input-
   output table for any specific year based on the forecasting of input -
   output elements.
DE vensim; input- output; limits to growth; forecast accuracy; poverty
   indicators; resources; multipliers; system dynamics
ID system dynamics; green economy; sustainable development; poverty; reduction;
   impacts

---

UT 114
AR Foxon F, 2021, ASTRON COMPUT, V36, DOI 10.1016/j.ascom.2021.100486
TI Evaluating modern system dynamics software for use in astrophysical
   simulations
AU Foxon F
TC 0
SO ASTRON COMPUT
PY 2021
AB System dynamics (SD) software provides a diagrammatic way of modelling
   integral and differential relations in a system.  In the current literature,
   SD software is typically applied to problems in the social sciences.
   However, the methods utilised in SD are not constrained to these fields,
   warranting novel applications in the physical sciences.  Previous literature
   has applied SD software to time-dependent systems, but this method of
   modelling problems in physics has not proved popular in research, possibly
   due to limitations within the software available.  The primary contribution
   of this paper is to demonstrate the application of current SD software to
   astrophysical phenomena in which the independent variable is not time,
   namely in modelling the internal structure of zero-age main-sequence stars.
   This demonstrates an innovative model application with the possibility for
   future adaptations, and extension to other astrophysical phenomena.  The
   ease of the modelling process and validity of results for such a system is
   demonstrated, however a number of complications associated with current SD
   software were encountered.  Suggestions are made as to how these may be
   overcome in future software iterations to make SD software more accessible
   to researchers in astrophysics.  (C) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
DE system dynamics; vensim; stellar structure; simulation model; zero-age main-
   sequence star

---

UT 115
AR Shahsavari-Pour N, 2023, SUSTAIN, V15, DOI 10.3390/su15076225
TI Water Shortage Simulation Using a System Dynamics Approach: A Case Study of
   the Rafsanjan City
AU Shahsavari-Pour N; Bahador S; Heydari A; Fekih A
TC 4
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB Water shortage and its interconnected and integrated management is one of
   the life crises in recent years.  Factors such as population growth,
   plurality of population needs, traditional farming methods, climate change,
   and water waste are among the contributing factors to this crisis.  The
   complexity of water sources and consumption systems makes the management and
   decision-making related to this resource very difficult.  This research aims
   to study the effective factors in the water sources and consumption system
   of Rafsanjan city and suggests a simulated model of water shortage and its
   causes.  In this research, water shortage crises were simulated using system
   dynamics.  Important variables of the water shortage crisis are identified
   and optimized using the Design of Experiments (DOE) method.  Vensim software
   was considered to illustrate the simulations of five scenarios aiming at
   better managing water resources and dealing with the water shortage crisis
   in this city.
DE water shortage crisis; system dynamics; rafsanjan city; water resources
ID carrying-capacity; river-basin; resources; model; management

---

UT 116
AR Wu MH, 2013, PEDIATR NEONATOL, V54, P389, DOI 10.1016/j.pedneo.2013.04.010
TI Theoretical System Dynamics Modeling for Taiwan Pediatric Workforce in an
   Era of National Health Insurance and Low Birth Rates
AU Wu MH; Yu JY; Huang CH
TC 18
SO PEDIATR NEONATOL
PY 2013
AB Background: In an era of declining birth rates and a single-payer health
   care system, the pediatric workforce might overreact to its demands.  System
   dynamics (SD) were therefore applied to establish models to predict the
   future need and demand for the pediatric workforce.  Materials and methods:
   Data of population and workforce were extracted from national databases and
   models developed using Vensim software.  Results: In the past decade, the
   child-to-pediatrician ratio correlated with infant mortality in Taiwan (p <
   0.001, r(2) = 0.88, child-to-pediatrician ratio = 146 + 354 x infant
   mortality/1000 live births). Currently, the child-to-pediatrician ratio is
   1742:1. Using the Millennium Development Goals (2.437/1000 live births) for
   infant mortality, the child-to-pediatrician ratio was estimated as 1009:1.
   The pediatric population model incorporated the birth and mortality rates in
   each age category, accurately predicted population changes between 1974 and
   2010, and projected a decreasing trend until 2017. The pediatric workforce
   model, which considered rates of enrollment, completion, certification, and
   retention, predicted a decrease in the supply of pediatricians in the
   mid-2010s that could be delayed by policy incentives.  When targeting the
   base scenario, the model indicated that discrepancies between demands and
   supply of pediatricians would occur in the late 2010s toward 2020. When
   targeting the Millennium Development Goals scenario, however, the
   discrepancies would be consistent.  Conclusion: Effective SD models were
   developed for the population and health care workforce.  The strengths of
   the SD models are derived from simulation, which is subject to influence
   from new policies.  Policies can, therefore, be examined and intervened in a
   timely manner.  Copyright (C) 2013, Taiwan Pediatric Association.  Published
   by Elsevier Taiwan LLC. All rights reserved.
DE pediatrics; system dynamics; workforce
ID specialty; shortage; choice

---

UT 117
AR Kordshouli HAR, 2023, J GLOB ENTREP RES, V13, DOI 10.1007/s40497-023-00348-2
TI Entrepreneurship motivation and institutions: system dynamics and scenario
   planning
AU Kordshouli HAR; Maleki B
TC 3
SO J GLOB ENTREP RES
PY 2023
AB So far, few empirical studies have tried to investigate the relationship of
   bilateral causality between entrepreneurial motivations and institutions.
   Indeed, researchers have not paid due attention to complexities such as the
   subsystems of entrepreneurship, institutional factors, and feedbacks within
   and between them.  Similarly, the dynamics, or the changes in the variables
   of the two subsystems in the long run, and the uncertainties of the
   entrepreneurial ecosystem have remained neglected.  Considering these gaps,
   this research seeks to detect the institutional factors that influence the
   index of entrepreneurial motivation (i.e., opportunity/necessity-based
   entrepreneurship ratio) in possible futures through strategic scenarios
   derived from the key uncertainties in the Iranian entrepreneurial ecosystem.
   To achieve the goal, this study utilizes system dynamics as a method to
   provide a systemic model for the Iranian entrepreneurial ecosystem and its
   effects on the motivation index.  The data required for the model are
   collected from various international reports in the period of 2008-2018.
   After the key uncertainties are identified through scenario planning, the
   causal relationships between the variables are designed and simulated by the
   Vensim DSS software.  Once the model performance is ensured, it is simulated
   in four strategic scenarios obtained from a combination of corruption and
   country risk as two possible situations of uncertainty.  Then, in more
   probable scenarios, the factors with long-term effects on the motivation
   index are identified.  As the results suggest, institutional factors such as
   business freedom, technology transfer, competition quality, and government
   effectiveness can improve the index of entrepreneurial motivation.
   Moreover, this index is involved in the process of institutional changes.
DE entrepreneurship motivation index; necessity motivation; opportunity
   motivation; scenario planning; system dynamics
ID formal institutions; level; opportunity; necessity; growth

---

UT 118
AR Stadnicka D, 2019, INT J PROD ECON, V208, P400, DOI
   10.1016/j.ijpe.2018.12.011
TI Value stream mapping and system dynamics integration for manufacturing line
   modelling and analysis
AU Stadnicka D; Litwin P
TC 58
SO INT J PROD ECON
PY 2019
AB Companies have to meet client's requirements with regard to product quality
   and delivery time.  In order to survive and have possibilities to develop,
   companies should do it at minimal cost.  The lean manufacturing
   implementation approach together with lean tools, such as value stream
   mapping (VSM), is an efficient way for waste identification and elimination.
   However, since VSM enables only a static analysis of a manufacturing system,
   the authors present in this paper how the integration of VSM with a system
   dynamics analysis (SDA) may increase the possibilities for waste
   identification and elimination.  At first, the methodology of extended VSM
   is described.  Then, an extended value stream map (VSMap) is developed and a
   system dynamics model (SDM) for a case study from the automotive industry is
   presented.  Next, simulations in Vensim software are performed considering
   the inventory limitations and disturbances such as delivery delays, machine
   failures and nonconformities.  The results are related to inventory levels,
   a number of manufactured products and work stand load.  The article proves
   that the proposed extended VSM may be used as the only source of data for
   the construction of a manufacturing line computer model.  The paper also
   argues that the integration of VSM and SD allows not only to identify and
   eliminate waste, but also to understand the impact of the identified
   problems on WIP and the production volume.
DE extended value stream mapping; computer simulations; system dynamics
   analysis; inventory level reduction; manufacturing system analysis
ID simulation; performance; improvement; inventory; benefits

---

UT 119
AR Aboah J, 2023, PLOS, V18, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0287386
TI Ex-ante impact of pest des petits ruminant control on micro and macro
   socioeconomic indicators in Senegal: A system dynamics modelling approach
AU Aboah J; Apolloni A; Duboz R; Wieland B; Kotchofa P; Okoth E; Dione M
TC 4
SO PLOS
PY 2023
AB Vaccination is considered as the main tool for the Global Control and
   Eradication Strategy for peste des petits ruminants (PPR), and the
   efficacity of the PPR-vaccine in conferring long-life immunity has been
   established.  Despite this, previous studies asserted that vaccination can
   be expensive and consequently, the effectiveness of disease control may not
   necessarily translate to overall profit for farmers.  Also, the consequences
   of PPR control on socioeconomic indicators like food and nutrition security
   at a macro-national level have not been explored thoroughly.  Therefore,
   this study seeks to assess ex-ante the impact of PPR control strategies on
   farm-level profitability and the socioeconomic consequences concerning food
   and nutrition security at a national level in Senegal.  A bi-level system
   dynamics model, compartmentalised into five modules consisting of integrated
   production-epidemiological, economics, disease control, marketing, and
   policy modules, was developed with the STELLA Architect software, validated,
   and simulated for 30 years at a weekly timestep.  The model was
   parameterised with data from household surveys from pastoral areas in
   Northern Senegal and relevant existing data.  Nine vaccination scenarios
   were examined considering different vaccination parameters (vaccination
   coverage, vaccine wastage, and the provision of government subsidies). The
   findings indicate that compared to a no-vaccination scenario, all the
   vaccination scenarios for both 26.5% (actual vaccination coverage) and 70%
   (expected vaccination coverage) resulted in statistically significant
   differences in the gross margin earnings and the potential per capita
   consumption for the supply of mutton and goat meat.  At the prevailing
   vaccination coverage (with or without the provision of government
   subsidies), farm households will earn an average gross margin of $69.43
   (annually) more than without vaccination, and the average per capita
   consumption for mutton and goat meat will increase by 1.13kg/person/year.
   When the vaccination coverage is increased to the prescribed threshold for
   PPR eradication (i.e., 70%), with or without the provision of government
   subsidies, the average gross margin earnings would be $72.23 annually and
   the per capita consumption will increase by 1.23kg/person/year compared to
   the baseline (without vaccination). This study's findings offer an empirical
   justification for a sustainable approach to PPR eradication.  The
   information on the socioeconomic benefits of vaccination can be promoted via
   sensitization campaigns to stimulate farmers' uptake of the practice.  This
   study can inform investment in PPR control.
ID vaccination

---

UT 120
AR Wang JY, 2015, J CLEAN PROD, V92, P237, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2014.12.076
TI Identifying best design strategies for construction waste minimization
AU Wang JY/2; Li ZD; Tam VWY/1
TC 143
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2015
AB Waste minimization design (WMD) is a key strategy for effectively minimizing
   construction waste at an early stage.  However, it seems that appropriate
   methods for estimating the effect of various design measures on construction
   waste reduction with consideration of the interrelationships of potential
   design strategies are lacking.  This study proposes a model for
   quantitatively assessing the effect of various waste management strategies
   and policies at the design stage on waste reduction.  This model features a
   system dynamics approach using a Vensim software package.  Simulation
   results show that (1) the use of prefabricated components exerts the largest
   influence on the design of construction waste reduction, followed by few
   design modifications and waste reduction investment, (2) mutual effects
   exist among potential design strategies, and (3) the combined effect of
   multi-design strategies is more significant than the simple sum of the
   effects of all single-design strategies and thus demands full consideration
   of the combined effect of relevant potential design strategies.  Similar
   scenarios comprising other design strategies can also be simulated and
   analyzed based on the developed model.  This study demonstrates the benefits
   of using a system dynamics approach in understanding the process and
   potential effects of the implementation of WMD. The developed model is
   potentially valuable as a utility tool for the dynamic assessment of the
   effect of design strategies on construction waste minimization (CWM). By
   comparing different simulation results generated under various scenarios,
   this study identifies the best practice ahead of implementation.  (C) 2015
   Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE performance evaluation; construction waste management; design strategies;
   system dynamics
ID system dynamics; demolition waste; management; prefabrication; reduction;
   model; sustainability; performance; disposal

---

UT 121
AR Marzouk M, 2022, CLEAN ENG TECHNOL, V6, DOI 10.1016/j.clet.2021.100368
TI Modeling investment policies effect on environmental indicators in Egyptian
   construction sector using system dynamics
AU Marzouk M; Fattouh KM
TC 8
SO CLEAN ENG TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB Construction stakeholders aim at limiting the impact of the construction
   sector on the natural environment to assure sustainability.  The
   construction industry forms a significant portion of the Egyptian GDP and
   employs millions of labor force and consumes most of the country's energy
   and its primary resources.  Egypt faces dual pressure of maintaining
   economic growth and largely reducing carbon emissions.  This study aims at
   exploring the effect of finance-growth-energy nexus on carbon emissions for
   Egypt over the 1990-2050 period.  By employing the system dynamics approach,
   the study tries to capture the impact of some investment policies on the
   consumption of energy, financial development and economic growth in addition
   to linking them with the carbon emissions of Egypt in a simulation model
   using Vensim (R) PLE software.  The model provides the policy makers with a
   simulating tool supporting their decisions.  The findings reveal that both
   construction technology, represented in construction materials and
   construction machinery, and labor education are main keys of true
   sustainable development.  Several policies are examined to study system
   behavior and revealed that it is not enough to capture the technology in
   order to achieve development, and suitable education and training courses
   should be provided to deliver labor force that can use and improve such
   technologies.  The proposed methodology aids construction in Egypt which is
   considered a strong indicator of the country's economic strength.  The
   construction industry forms a significant portion of the Egyptian GDP and
   employs millions of labor force and consumes most of the country's energy
   and its primary resources.  To remain vital, the construction industry is
   demanding better, safer, energy-efficient and more affordable construction
   materials and technology.
DE emissions; system dynamics; labor education; construction technology
ID greenhouse gas emissions; energy-consumption evidence; economic-growth
   nexus; financial development; carbon emissions; renewable energy; building
   stock; sustainability; impact; panel

---

UT 122
AR Li XJ, 2022, SUSTAINABILITY-BASEL, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14031343
TI Study on Evacuation Behavior of Urban Underground Complex in Fire Emergency
   Based on System Dynamics
AU Li XJ; Chen WB; Wang C; Kassem MA
TC 31
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB During a fire evacuation, long lateral evacuation distances, large crowds
   waiting for evacuation at the same level, and easily panicked populations
   are common.  This research aimed to look into the large-scale evacuation
   behavior of urban underground complexes with limited evacuation and egress
   during a fire.  A simplified model for large-scale group evacuation of urban
   subsurface complexes was constructed using system dynamics theory.  The
   Vensim software was used for quantitative simulation.  The model could
   represent the typical phenomenon of group evacuation behaviors, such as
   quick or slow, under seven operating situations with total initial numbers
   of 350, 400, 450, 500, 1000, 2000, and 4000. The results of an analysis of
   critical affecting factors show "total initial number" and "panic state"
   during a large-scale group evacuation: a large beginning population will
   result in a rapid reduction in system evacuation capability, delaying the
   completion of the evacuation process significantly; meanwhile, if the level
   of panic is deficient, the system's evacuation efficiency will remain low
   for an extended period, making it difficult to evacuate trapped persons
   promptly.  According to the findings, the developed system dynamics model,
   which combines the advantages of a continuous model with the advantages of a
   discrete model, is very accurate.  At the same time, we should emphasize the
   importance of the evacuation guide and reinforce the fire education and
   behavior drills for the building's workers.  This research presents a
   simplified model for the evacuation of large groups of people from
   metropolitan underground complexes.  Furthermore, the findings may give
   theoretical support for the development of rules and safety management
   practices.
DE evacuation behavior; urban underground complex; system dynamics theory;
   emergency evacuation; fire emergency
ID crowd evacuation; signage; model; simulation; optimization; phase

---

UT 123
AR Liu MK, 2025, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V32, P621, DOI
   10.1108/ECAM-03-2023-0304
TI Cost estimation model of prefabricated construction for general contractors
   based on system dynamics
AU Liu MK; Luo M
TC 9
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2025
AB PurposeThe poor capacity of prefabricated construction cost estimation is
   the essential reason for the low profitability of the general contractor.
   Therefore, this study aims to focus on the cost estimation of prefabricated
   construction as the research object.  This research aims to enhance the
   accuracy of total project cost estimation for general contractors,
   ultimately leading to improved profitability.Design/methodology/approachThis
   study used Vensim PLE software to establish a system dynamics model.  In the
   modeling process, a systematic research review was used to identify cost-
   influencing factors; ABC classification and the analytic hierarchy process
   were used to score and determine the weights of influencing
   factors.FindingsThe total cost error obtained by the model is less than 2%
   compared with the actual value.  It can be used to cost estimation and
   analysis.  The analysis results indicate that there are 7 key factors, among
   which the prefabrication rate has the most significant impact.  Furthermore,
   the model can provide the extreme range cost; the minimum cost can reduce by
   13% from the value in the case.  The factor's value can compose a cost
   control strategy for general contractors.Practical implicationsThe cost of
   prefabricated buildings can be estimated well, and deciding the
   prefabrication rate is crucial.  The cost can be declined by correct cost
   control strategies when bidding and subcontracting are in process.  The
   strategies can follow the direction of the model.Originality/valueA
   systemic, quantitative and qualitative analysis of cost estimation of
   prefabricated buildings for general contractors has been conducted.  A
   mathematical model has been developed and validated to facilitate more
   effective cost-control measures.
DE prefabricated construction; system dynamics; general contractor; cost
   estimation
ID off-site construction; management; barriers; projects; china

---

UT 124
AR Nozari H, 2021, J HYDROINFORM, V23, P211, DOI 10.2166/hydro.2020.294
TI Simulation and optimization of control system operation and surface water
   allocation based on system dynamics modeling
AU Nozari H; Moradi P; Godarzi E
TC 12
SO J HYDROINFORM
PY 2021
AB In the present study, the performance of Dez Reservoir, its regulatory and
   downstream diversion dams are studied using the system dynamics method (SD)
   in the Vensim software.  In the first step, all the effective parameters
   with their relationship were identified and then the simulation was carried
   out considering the minimum and maximum reservoir volume and downstream
   demand over an eight-year period (2006-2013). After model validation, the
   statistical indices of correlation coefficient (R-2), root mean square error
   (RMSE), and standard error (SE) for the reservoir volume were calculated as
   0.99, 3.1690, and 0.18, respectively.  The statistical indices for the
   regulatory dam were 0.98, 7.51, and 0.13, respectively.  These statistical
   indices were 0.92, 4.71, and 0.37 for the diversion dam.  The achieved
   results showed that the SD-simulated releases met downstream demands and the
   SD method has high accuracy in simulating the performance of the surface
   tank system.  Moreover, for a better evaluation of the results of the SD
   model, the eight-year Dez dam releases were optimized using the particle
   swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm, and the required deficiency values were
   evaluated in both SD and PSO models.  Results showed that SD provides more
   appropriate planning in meeting the downstream demands than PSO.
DE dez diversion dam; optimization; regulatory dam; simulation; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID resources

---

UT 125
AR Wu B, 2019, SUSTAINABILITY-BASEL, V11, DOI 10.3390/su11174794
TI Impact of Open Innovation Communities on Enterprise Innovation Performance:
   A System Dynamics Perspective
AU Wu B; Gong CY
TC 23
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2019
AB Open innovation communities (OICs) can help enterprises make full use of
   external knowledge resources from users, but problems such as low user
   participation and low conversion rate of creative ideas impact the
   efficiency of OICs.  Most studies on this topic employ qualitative or
   empirical methods from a static perspective, but ignore the effect of
   interaction between enterprises and users as well as the cumulative effect
   of time.  A discussion on the dynamic evolution process of open innovation
   is lacking.  Based on a review of the literature on OICs, innovation
   performance, and system dynamics, this study proposes a conceptual model of
   innovation performance impact, which comprises the knowledge management,
   governance mechanism, and user behavior subsystems.  Xiaomi's OIC in China
   was selected as the research object, and relevant data were collected
   through a web spider.  According to the system dynamics modeling method, a
   causal relationship analysis was carried out on the three aforementioned
   interrelated subsystems.  Then, a stock flow chart with 32 variables was
   constructed to determine the initial values and calculation equations for
   each variable.  Finally, the model was constructed and verified using Vensim
   PLE software.  The simulation results were as follows.  (1) The number of
   product releases in the Xiaomi OIC was positively correlated with the number
   of posts, comments, and views.  Compared with user interaction behavior
   (i.e., commenting and viewing), the impact of user innovation behavior
   (i.e., posting) on enterprise innovation performance (i.e., number of
   patents) is clearer.  Specifically, regarding interaction behavior, the
   impact of the users' commenting behavior on innovation performance (i.e.,
   number of product releases) was relatively clearer than that of their
   viewing behavior.  (2) Governance mechanism (i.e., R&D investment and
   management expense), which comprises technical and organizational
   mechanisms, positively affected the innovation performance of enterprises.
   Compared with the organizational mechanism (i.e., management expense), the
   impact of the technical mechanism (i.e., R&D investment) on the innovation
   performance was clearer.  (3) Governance mechanism helped to increase the
   number of users in the OIC, and, in turn, affected the user innovation and
   interaction behavior.  (4) The technical mechanism positively affected
   knowledge application capability, which, in turn, had a positive impact on
   the innovation performance of enterprises.  Based on these findings,
   management strategies are proposed for the establishment and development of
   OICs.
DE open innovation community; innovation performance; system dynamics;
   knowledge management; governance mechanism
ID knowledge management; product development; service innovation; user
   communities; capabilities; mechanisms; ideas; prediction; capacity; scenario

---

UT 126
AR Liu SY, 2011, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V28, P245, DOI 10.1002/sres.1064
TI Representing Qualitative Variables and Their Interactions With Fuzzy Logic
   in System Dynamics Modeling
AU Liu SY; Triantis KP; Sarangi S
TC 11
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2011
AB We propose a method for incorporating multiple linguistic or soft variables
   into a system dynamics framework.  A simple example is used to illustrate
   the procedures necessary to define linguistic variables using triangular
   membership functions within the VENSIM Simulation Environment.  We
   illustrate the operations of linguistic variables through a sales and
   service model where two linguistic variables, i.e.  customer's satisfaction
   with respect to service, and lead time associated with a product, impact the
   conversion of potential customers into customers.  After having created
   fuzzy triangular membership functions, we obtain the combined effect of the
   two linguistic variables using the max-min inference procedure.  For
   defuzzification we use the notion of the largest of maximum to translate the
   fuzzy representation of the combined effect into a crisp value.  Finally, we
   provide simulation results pertaining to the probability of generating new
   customers and profits by considering pessimistic, optimistic and
   intermediate fuzzy rules for our model.  Copyright (C) 2010 John Wiley &
   Sons, Ltd.
DE fuzzy logic; systems dynamics; linguistic variables; fuzzy decision rules;
   sales and service model

---

UT 127
AR Wei SK, 2012, EUR J OPER RES, V221, P248, DOI 10.1016/j.ejor.2012.03.014
TI System dynamics simulation model for assessing socio-economic impacts of
   different levels of environmental flow allocation in the Weihe River Basin,
   China
AU Wei SK; Yang H; Song JX; Abbaspour KC; Xu ZX
TC 104
SO EUR J OPER RES
PY 2012
AB This study develops a complex system dynamics model (SD) reflecting
   interactions between water resources, Environmental Flow (EF) and socio-
   economy using SD software package "Vensim PLE". The proposed model is
   employed to assess socio-economic impacts of different levels of EF
   allocation in the Weihe River Basin of China.  Four alternative socio-
   economic growth patterns and four EF allocation schemes are designed to
   simulate those impacts.  The results reveal that developed SD model
   performance well in reflecting the dynamic behavior of the system in the
   current study area.  In the meanwhile, an optimal growth pattern considering
   both socio-economic growth and EF requirements are also found by comparing
   the different scenario simulation results.  (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All
   rights reserved.
DE environmental flow; system dynamics; vensim; socio-economic impact; scenario
   analysis
ID climate-change; water

---

UT 128
AR Nozari H, 2021, WATER PRACT TECHNOL, V16, P196, DOI 10.2166/wpt.2020.109
TI System dynamics simulation of crop yield under different irrigation water
   quality and quantity
AU Nozari H; Azadi S
TC 2
SO WATER PR TECHNOL
PY 2021
AB Agricultural products are one of the major sources of food for people in
   many countries.  So, increasing crop yield is a major challenge for
   governments as increasing the population.  On the other hand, agricultural
   improvement needs to take into consideration the type of land and water
   available.  The decrease of water availability and soil salinity are two
   major limiting factors in sustainable agriculture in the arid and semiarid
   regions.  In this study, the combined effect of salinity and water stress on
   crop yield was simulated by developing a computer model based on a system
   dynamics approach.  Model calibration and validation were performed using
   data collected from the Abshar Irrigation Network located on the
   hydrological Zayandehrud River.  For each individual run of the model, two
   statistics were calculated: Root Mean Square Error and Standard Error.  The
   averages of these indices were estimated as 2,777 kg.ha(-1) and 0.07 for
   sugar beet yield, 0.026 and 0.09 for soil moisture and finally 0.54 dS.m(-1)
   and 0.08 for salinity of the root zone, respectively.  The result showed a
   good agreement between the simulation model and the actual data.  Therefore,
   the model can be calibrated and used to estimate the crop yield with
   reasonable accuracy.
DE modeling; saline water; sugar beet; system dynamics approach; vensim
   software
ID model

---

UT 129
AR Morcillo JD, 2018, APPL ENERGY, V216, P504, DOI
   10.1016/j.apenergy.2018.02.104
TI Simulation of demand growth scenarios in the Colombian electricity market:
   An integration of system dynamics and dynamic systems
AU Morcillo JD; Franco CJ; Angulo F
TC 44
SO APPL ENERGY
PY 2018
AB Modeling and simulation of electricity markets have increasingly involved
   the use of a system dynamics (SD) approach.  Accordingly, the resulting
   dynamic hypothesis and the stock-flow structures are represented and
   simulated using softwares such as Stella, Powersim, iThink, or Vensim.
   However, SD models can be exploited even more, of which the investigation of
   signals in the time domain or the sensitivity analysis is just a small part
   of the study.  Since SD models are mathematical objects, they deserve an
   analytical or numerical study using tools provided by the dynamic systems
   (DS) methodology.  Therefore, this paper not only studies the dynamic
   hypothesis or the stock-flow structure of an electricity market model in the
   classical form, but also uses its inner mathematical object to provide a
   deeper insight into the system.  Using MATLAB/Simulink (R), the system is
   evaluated from a different approach not yet reported in the literature.  The
   combination of the SD and DS methodologies can open the door to a new and
   alternative method of analysis for electricity market models and even for
   any SD model.  In fact, this paper demonstrates that with this methodologies
   combination, more detailed analysis strategies and novel insights of the SD
   models can be developed, which can be easily exploited by policy makers to
   suggest improvements in regulations or market structures.  Moreover,
   considering that the energy market is evolving, and a series of macro and
   microstructural changes are impacting demand, we consider as an example a
   simplified version of the Colombian electricity market to report a detailed
   description of its dynamics under a broad range of growth rate of demand
   (GRD) scenarios.  Our study, inspired by the bifurcation and control theory
   of DS, primarily shows that Colombia is in dire need of a new capacity
   before 2020 to avoid rationing events expected to occur in the upcoming
   years.
DE electricity markets; system dynamics; dynamic systems; growth rate of demand
ID renewable energy; climate variability; power markets; model; policies;
   solar; generation; diffusion; validity; impact

---

UT 130
AR Li MN, 2018, SIMUL-T SOC MOD SIM, V94, P765, DOI 10.1177/0037549717741349
TI Factors influencing two-way referral between hospitals and the community in
   China: A system dynamics simulation model
AU Li MN/1; Zhang Y; Lu Y; Yu WY; Nong X; Zhang LL
TC 28
SO SIMUL-TRANS SOC MODEL SIMUL INT
PY 2018
AB Background: Two-way referrals between hospitals and community healthcare
   systems (CHSs) are important for optimizing the distribution of medical
   resources and enabling resource sharing, but referrals are always from CHSs
   to hospitals.  A referral from the hospital to the community is rare in
   China; this has a highly negative impact on the long-term development of the
   Chinese health services.  The aim of this study was to address influence
   factors in hospital-community referrals.  Methods: We constructed a system
   dynamics model to address the problem of the two-way referral between
   hospitals and CHSs and identified potential countermeasures and possible
   solutions.  The Vensim DSS program was used to construct a system dynamics
   model to represent the problem through model description, causal loop
   diagrams, and stock and flow diagrams.  Results: The model was used to
   perform intervention experiments, in which the influence on all the sectors
   of referrals could be observed by changing the system parameters.  The
   experimental results showed a greater difference in medical costs between
   hospitals and CHSs, more investments to CHSs, higher levels of medical
   insurance of CHSs, and more referrals from hospitals to CHSs.  Conclusions:
   The system can widen the price gap between hospitals and CHSs, increase
   information flow, improve medical insurance level of CHSs, and elevate the
   current level of CHSs through enabling two-way referral between hospitals
   and CHSs.
DE information and decision-support-systems; infrastructure planning and
   design; system dynamics; quantitative simulation
ID primary-care; health-care; specialty care; public-health; cost;
   implementation; interventions; completion; management; insurance

---

UT 131
AR Miller GR, 2012, ECOHYDROLOGY, V5, P200, DOI 10.1002/eco.245
TI Understanding ecohydrological connectivity in savannas: a system dynamics
   modelling approach
AU Miller GR; Cable JM; McDonald AK; Bond B; Franz TE; Wang LX; Gou S; Tyler
   AP; Zou CB; Scott RL
TC 34
SO ECOHYDROL
PY 2012
AB Ecohydrological connectivity is a system level property that results from
   the linkages in the networks of water transport through ecosystems, by which
   feedbacks and other emergent system behaviours may be generated.  We created
   a system dynamics model that represents primary ecohydrological networks to
   examine how connectivity between ecosystem components impacts ecosystem
   processes.  Here, we focused on the savanna ecosystems, although the
   analyses may be expanded to other ecosystem types in the future.  To create
   the model, a set of differential equations representing ecohydrological
   processes was programmed into the dynamic solver Vensim.  Stocks of water
   storage (e.g.  atmospheric and soil moisture) were linked by flows [e.g.
   precipitation and evapotranspiration (ET)] that were in turn dynamically
   controlled by the amount of water stored.  Precipitation was forced
   stochastically, and soil moisture and potential ET controlled actual ET. The
   model produced extended, probabilistic time series of stocks and flows,
   including precipitation, soil moisture, runoff, transpiration, and
   groundwater recharge.  It was used to describe the behaviour of several
   previously studied savanna ecosystems in North America and Africa.  The
   model successfully reproduced seasonal patterns of soil moisture dynamics
   and ET at the California site.  It also demonstrated more complex, system
   level behaviours, such as multiyear persistence of drought and synergistic
   or antagonistic responses to disconnection of system components.  Future
   improvements to the model will focus on capturing other important aspects of
   long-term system behaviour, such as changes in physiology or phenology, and
   spatial heterogeneity, such as the patchwork nature of savannas.  Copyright
   (C) 2011 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
DE cross-scale interactions; feedbacks; resilience; disturbance; system
   dynamics; soil-moisture dynamics; evapotranspiration
ID woody-plant encroachment; soil-moisture; vegetation patches; water;
   precipitation; ecosystems; landscape; patterns; runoff; scale

---

UT 132
AR Jia SW, 2019, ENERG POLICY, V125, P33, DOI 10.1016/j.enpol.2018.10.012
TI Effect of APCF policy on the haze pollution in China: A system dynamics
   approach
AU Jia SW; Liu XL; Yan GL
TC 37
SO ENERGY POLIC
PY 2019
AB To study the effect of the air pollution charging fee (APCF) policy on the
   haze pollution in China, a dynamics management model is constructed with the
   approach of system dynamics and implemented by using the Vensim software.
   This model is used to simulate and assess the effect of APCF policy on the
   traffic and the emissions (particularly carbon monoxide (CO), hydrocarbons
   (HC), nitrogen oxides (NO.), and particulate matter (PM)) in Beijing during
   the years 2011-2025 in different scenarios.  The validity and the robustness
   of the model are verified by a model test and validation, and a reasonable
   range of APCF is determined by using a sensitivity analysis.  The simulation
   results showed that the APCF policy effectively realized the "win-win"
   scenario of emission reduction and congestion release.  In particular, the
   simulation results also indicated some policy effects such as rebound effect
   (from low-APCF policy), inflection-point effect (from high-APCF policy), and
   marginal decreasing effect (between moderate and high-APCF policy). These
   results provide some valid policy recommendations for energy management and
   emission reduction.
DE vehicle emissions; haze pollution; system dynamics; rebound effects;
   inflection-point effect
ID energy-consumption; co2 emissions; real-time; vehicle emissions; exhaust
   emissions; nox emissions; air-quality; congestion; model; acceptance

---

UT 133
AR Bleda M, 2008, ECOL ECON, V66, P517, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2007.10.021
TI The dynamics of belief in climate change and its risks in business
   organisations
AU Bleda M; Shackley S
TC 32
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2008
AB This paper presents a simulation model of the formation of the belief in
   climate change of a business Organisation using a systems dynamics approach.
   Understanding how businesses form their belief on the issue of climate
   change is of paramount importance given the key role of beliefs and
   cognitive characteristics in the triggering and shaping of organisational
   adaptation processes.  The main assumption of the model is that the dynamics
   of belief is driven by the perceived actual and potential changes in
   competitiveness as a consequence of climate impacts rather than by the
   growth of an ecological 'business conscience'. The model has been built
   using the STELLA software program, and it is based upon theoretical
   hypotheses drawn from behavioural studies of organisations and evolutionary
   theories of economic change.  (C) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
DE climate-change; dynamics of belief formation; organizations; adaptive
   capacity; simulation modeling
ID model; cognition; inertia

---

UT 134
AR Cavana RY, 2008, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V25, P675, DOI 10.1002/sres.934
TI Integrative System Dynamics: Analysis of Policy Options for Tobacco Control
   in New Zealand
AU Cavana RY; Tobias M
TC 28
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2008
AB Tobacco use is a global problem and the health consequences are far
   reaching.  Systemic approaches are needed to help investigate policies to
   reduce the adverse health effects of tobacco use.  This paper provides an
   overview of the system dynamics model that has been developed to assist the
   Ministry of Health to evaluate the dynamic consequences of tobacco control
   policies in New Zealand.  The model consists of six sectors: population;
   smoking prevalences; tobacco consumption; second hand smoke; relative risks
   and tobacco attributable deaths.  The model is simulated for 20-30 years
   into the future.  The simulation package used is 'iThink', and a user
   interface is presented for policy analysis.  A range of illustrative
   scenarios are provided, including: business as usual; fiscal strategies
   involving less affordable cigarettes; harm minimization strategies involving
   either less addictive cigarettes or less toxic cigarettes and combinations
   of the above policies.  The main output variables (performance measures)
   include current smoking prevalence, tobacco consumption and tobacco
   attributable mortality.  Finally some areas for future model enhancement are
   identified.  Copyright (c) 2009 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
DE system dynamics; dynamic simulation; tobacco policy model; tobacco control
   policies; scenario analysis
ID smoking; health; simulation; cigarettes; impacts; model

---

UT 135
AR Selivanova A, 2025, RELIAB ENG SYST SAF, V260, DOI
   10.1016/j.ress.2025.111031
TI Creation of a System Dynamics model of recovery of affected areas after
   radioactive contamination
AU Selivanova A; Krejci I; Sedlárová-Nehézová T; Hulka J; Cespírová I; Kuca P
TC 3
SO RELIAB ENG SYST SAF
PY 2025
AB The presented work focuses on current state-of-the-art in mathematical
   modeling, specifically addressing atmospheric dispersion, radiation
   transport, and related issues.  Central to this research is the development
   of a mathematical model designed to support recovery processes following
   extensive contamination by radionuclides.  The model of recovery employs the
   System Dynamics methodology, recognized for its suitability in addressing
   complex problems characterized by non-linear behaviors, e.g., radioactive
   decay.  The model is developed utilizing Vensim software.  Consequently, the
   recovery model integrates dosimetry estimates with economic analyses.  It
   forecasts contamination impacts on a variety of objects including buildings,
   agricultural lands, forests, and transportation infrastructure.  To compile
   the necessary input data for the model, simulations were conducted using
   specialized codes, i.e., JRODOS and MCNP. Furthermore, empirical data
   concerning the Czech demographic profile, basic characteristics of
   buildings, and land-use data were employed.  Subsequent to these preparatory
   steps, the model underwent a comprehensive cost-benefit analysis of relevant
   countermeasures, adapted to the actual conditions in Czechia.  Considering
   very low atmospheric releases, no substantial decontamination actions would
   be required.  For severe accidents, the results of simulated decontamination
   corresponded to real-case data obtained from the Fukushima clean-up.  The
   obtained results can be used for decisionmaking by stakeholders and
   policymakers.
DE system dynamics; contamination; simulation; accident; radiation; decision-
   making; recovery; decontamination
ID nuclear; term

---

UT 136
AR Chen W, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13020133
TI Passenger Flow Simulation of Airport Terminal Subway Station Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Chen W; Ai Y
TC 2
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB Grasping the effective carrying capacity of airport hub subway stations in
   real-time serves as the foundation for enhancing the safety assurance
   capability of the hub.  Starting from the perspectives of multiple
   subsystems, including people, stations, and trains, and combining passenger
   flow, system structure, and multiple attributes of trains, a system dynamics
   (SD) model for passenger travel in airport hub subway stations is
   established.  The model is simulated using Vensim PLE 5.9d to analyze the
   effective carrying capacity of the transfer system under the existing
   configuration and layout of transfer facilities and equipment in the hub.
   The model features a modular architecture and interface, enabling quick and
   easy model establishment, and adapts to various configurations and
   operational characteristics of airport hub subway stations in a user-
   friendly manner.  Multiple sensitivity simulation analysis experiments are
   designed to analyze changes in passenger flow density from multiple
   perspectives.  This method can calculate the effective carrying capacity of
   airport hub subway stations, providing a scientific basis for planning,
   construction, and operational management.  The effectiveness of the model is
   verified by analyzing the Pudong International Airport terminal subway
   station.
DE system dynamics; effective carrying-capacity; passenger flow; airport
   terminal; subway station; sensitivity analysis
ID link transmission model; design

---

UT 137
AR Sokame BM/1, 2025, INT J TROP INSECT SCI, DOI 10.1007/s42690-025-01666-6
TI System dynamics modelling of temperature effects on stemborer phenology in
   Kenyan maize ecosystems
AU Sokame BM/1; Tonnang HEZ; Abdel-Rahman E; Villena OC
TC 0
SO INT J TROP INSECT SCI
PY 2025
AB This research investigates how temperature impacts insect pest phenology and
   population dynamics, focusing on maize stemborers, Busseola fusca and Chilo
   partellus, across Kenya's agroecological zones.  Utilizing system thinking
   archetypes and system dynamics modelling with Vensim PLP 9.0 software, it
   explores the interactions between insect life stages, temperature, and host
   plant availability.  The study revealed that B. fusca is more suited to
   highland regions while C. partellus prefers lowland areas.  Notably, the
   larval stage, responsible for significant crop damage, constituted 32 to 42%
   of the population within the agroecosystem, underscoring its pivotal role in
   pest population dynamics.  The model captures the cyclical nature of these
   populations, emphasizing the importance of region-specific pest management
   strategies to address the varying dynamics in different zones.  The findings
   advocate for the development of tailored pest management approaches that may
   also serve as early warning systems, enabling proactive pest control.  This
   approach could help minimize the reliance on chemical pesticides, promoting
   sustainable agricultural practices and enhancing food security.  The
   research highlights the necessity of understanding regional pest behaviours
   and offers comprehensive strategies for managing pests in the context of
   climate change, thus contributing to sustainable agricultural development
   and ecological preservation.
DE system thinking; system dynamics modeling; holometabolous insect; maize
   stemborers; phenology; population dynamics
ID busseola-fusca fuller; stem borers; population dynamics; stalk borer;
   climate; lepidoptera; insects; impacts; simulation; ecology

---

UT 138
AR Rasekh A, 2025, BIOFUELS-UK, DOI 10.1080/17597269.2025.2547550
TI Water-energy nexus approach for assessment of biodiesel production from
   Jatropha via system dynamics modeling
AU Rasekh A; Ghomi SMTF
TC 1
SO BIOFUELS-UK
PY 2025
AB This study examines the challenge of balancing water and energy resources in
   Jatropha-based biodiesel production in arid regions.  Although the water-
   energy nexus (WE) has been widely studied, its specific dynamics in
   Jatropha-based biodiesel production in water-stressed areas are less
   understood.  To address this issue, an innovative system dynamics (SD)
   approach was designed using VENSIM software, leading to the creation of an
   integrated SD-WE nexus model.  This model utilizes causal loops and flow
   diagrams to simulate interactions among the water, energy, and biodiesel
   subsystems.  Scenario analysis indicates that conventional biodiesel
   production could reduce water resources by 32 to 63% and consume up to 14
   billion cubic meters of water.  However, the Bioshare scenario, which
   optimizes bioenergy production, reduces water consumption and maintains
   groundwater sustainability.  The model has been validated through
   sensitivity analysis and data comparison, highlighting the urgent need for
   reforms in water management within Iran's energy sector.  The SD-WE
   framework serves as a versatile tool for scenario testing, ensuring that
   biodiesel development aligns with water and energy security for sustainable
   policymaking.
DE biodiesel; water-energy nexus; system dynamics; renewable energy; biomass;
   causal loop
ID resources management; supply chain; footprint; bioenergy; sustainability;
   policy

---

UT 139
AR Tomaskova H, 2019, PROCESS, V7, DOI 10.3390/pr7090582
TI Process Cost Management of Alzheimer's Disease
AU Tomaskova H; Kopecky M; Maresova P
TC 8
SO PROCESS
PY 2019
AB A Summary: Determining the cost of healthcare and social care for patients
   is a crucial issue for many parties; therefore, both public and private
   payments play a decisive role in patient care.  The article deals with the
   analysis of the possibilities of the simulation of costs related to
   Alzheimer's disease.  This disease is highly variable, and the cost items
   vary considerably.  Therefore, it is necessary to use simulation methods.
   The results of simulation models can then be implemented in sophisticated
   methods working with activity costs.  Findings: Models for health and social
   care are specific.  No significant re-engineering is expected in this area,
   so the models must be unambiguous and easy to understand for all
   representatives involved.  Modeling of business processes is thus a suitable
   means for analysis in this area.  The process cost calculation is built on
   two simulation models.  The first model is the Business Process Model and
   Notation (BPMN), the results of which are verified in the system dynamics
   model created in the stock and flow diagram.  The simulations results give
   us appropriate values for calculating the total activity-based costs of AD.
   Applications: The practical part of this article deals with the
   identification of costs related to Alzheimer's disease and their allocation
   concerning remedies.  Based on this information, models for Alzheimer's
   disease process cost management are developed.  Results: The BPMN simulation
   was performed for 100 passes through a fixed-length phase process.  The
   duration of each phase was set at 48, 108, and 40 months.  Five simulations
   were set up, each Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) score set, which
   affected the passage through the process.  Software Stella Professional was
   used for simulations for constant MMSE score values for the home and
   facility options.  The values are as follows: MMSE 5 = 1331.26 (sic)(1627.72
   (sic)); MMSE 15 = 1202.72 (sic)(1102.02 (sic)); MMSE 25 = 1051.24
   (sic)(848.91 (sic)). Conclusions: Both AD models created in this article
   produce comparable results, although each of them works on a different
   principle.  The results are based on the selection of original data, and at
   the same time, these models point to the processes and subprocesses that
   lead to the costs.  The description, specifications, and possible values of
   partial costs are crucial knowledge for persons in the management functions
   of public administration and self-government in the area of finance and
   management not in the field of specific diseases.
DE alzheimer disease; process cost management; bpmn; system dynamics;
   simulation
ID population balance model; economic-evaluation; global prevalence; dementia;
   care; donepezil; burden; impact

---

UT 140
AR Monjezi S, 2021, WATER RESOUR, V48, P1013, DOI 10.1134/S009780782106018X
TI Simulation of Salinity Distribution of Anbar Salt Dome in Gotvand Reservoir
   in Iran, Using System Dynamics and Proposes a Strategy to Reduce Salinity
AU Monjezi S; Najarchi M; Mo'meni M; Monjezi N; Hassuninezade H
TC 0
SO WATER RESOUR
PY 2021
AB To water quality management of the Gotvand Reservoir, this paper attempts to
   determine to what extent the negative impacts of Anbar salt domes
   dissolution can be reduced considering releasing water from different levels
   of the dam reservoir.  In this respect, the required field data at Gotvand
   Reservoir site were collected and hydrodynamic simulation of the reservoir
   as well as salt karst dissolution process were performed from August, 2011
   to March, 2017 by system dynamics method and using the Vensim software.  The
   SD model analysis results showed that the amount of salt stored was about 69
   million tons and salt dissolution coefficient value during the simulation
   period varies between 98 and 339.5 kg/s.  This variation for the salt karst
   corrosion is 4.7-7.4 cm/day.  Also, by Dewatering from levels above the
   level of lower gates (149.5 m on average) can decline the salinity of the
   released water by 85.3%. Moreover, the most important factor in salt karst
   dissolution was the water surface elevation in the reservoir.  therefore, it
   can be concluded that by controlling the amount of water flowing into the
   Gotvand Dam's reservoir via controlling the amount of water flowing out of
   the Dez Dam, situated on the upstream of the Gotvand Dam, and by controlling
   the amount of water flowing out of the Gotvand Dam's reservoir, and to put
   it differently, by implementing the optimum rule curves for the Gotvand Dam
   and the Dez Dam, the salinity of the water flowing out of the Gotvand Dam's
   reservoir can be largely reduced.
DE gotvand dam; salinity distribution; system dynamics; vensim
ID resources; operation

---

UT 141
AR Güz S, 2025, J HYDROL-REG STUD, V62, DOI 10.1016/j.ejrh.2025.103013
TI Dynamic coupling of hydrogeology and human decision-making for sustainable
   groundwater management in Konya Closed Basin, Türkiye
AU Güz S; Uygur ZZ; Copty NK; Saysel AK
TC 0
SO J HYDROL-REG STUD
PY 2025
AB Study region: The Konya Closed Basin, a 50,000 km2 semi-arid agricultural
   region in central T & uuml;rkiye, with severe groundwater depletion due to
   intensive irrigation and uncontrolled well drilling.  Study focus: We
   developed and applied a coupled socio-hydrological model that integrates a
   process-based groundwater flow model (MODFLOW-UZF) with a system dynamics
   model (VENSIM) to simulate both hydrogeological processes and human
   decision-making.  A Python-based coupling framework enables the
   bidirectional exchange of variables across different spatial and temporal
   resolutions.  The coupled model, calibrated using historical groundwater
   level data from long-term observation wells, is used to test the impacts of
   various policy configurations, including crop pricing, extraction caps and
   surface water transfers.  New hydrological insights for the region: The
   coupled model captures both seasonal variability and long-term depletion
   trends more accurately than stand-alone models.  We demonstrate that spatial
   and temporal disaggregation of policy measures can significantly enhance
   groundwater resource management.  By incorporating feedback between aquifer
   conditions and farmer decisions, the model demonstrates how socio-economic
   and hydrological drivers jointly shape groundwater dynamics.  Through this
   coupling, we emphasize the advantages of harnessing the respective strengths
   of each modeling approach to overcome the limitations of the other.  These
   insights highlight the value of integrated modeling for sustainable
   groundwater governance in datascarce, densely-irrigated regions.
DE groundwater management; hydrogeology; model coupling; process-based
   modeling; socio-hydrology; system dynamics modeling
ID system dynamics; water scarcity; model

---

UT 142
AR Wu AZ, 2014, CHINESE GEOGR SCI, V24, P706, DOI 10.1007/s11769-014-0664-7
TI Effects of industrial relocation on Chinese regional economic growth
   disparities: Based on system dynamics modeling
TC 20
SO CHIN GEOGR SCI
PY 2014
AB The economic growth of China has led to increasing growth disparities
   between regions.  Such disparities are uncontrolled and are severely
   negative symptoms in the process of economic development.  On the basis of
   system dynamics (SD) modeling and the relationship between industrial
   relocation and regional economic growth, we construct a model of the
   interrelationship between the two aforementioned phenomena.  The model is an
   effective and creative exploration for examining effects of industrial
   relocation on Chinese regional economic growth disparities.  The SD model is
   employed in this study to build an inter-regional labor migration SD model,
   an inter-regional capital migration SD model, an intra-industry SD model, an
   intra-regional population SD model, and an intra-regional SD model which are
   based on realities in labor and capital flow from the view of industrial
   relocation.  VENSIM software is utilized to perform a system simulation
   based on the data of the eastern, middle, and western regions from 2000 to
   2010. Results show that industrial relocation gradually narrows the relative
   disparity in GDP among the three regions.  Moreover, the absolute one is
   enlarged continuously.  The absolute and relative disparities in per capita
   GDP among eastern, middle, and western regions generally exhibit decreasing
   trends.
DE industrial relocation; economic-growth disparity; system dynamics ( sd )
   modeling; china
ID cities

---

UT 143
AR Zhu W, 2024, HELIYON, V10, DOI 10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e33959
TI Research on the evolution mechanism of intelligent manufacturing
   transformation of Chinese pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises based on
   system dynamics
AU Zhu W; Ouyang P; Kong MN
TC 5
SO HELIYON
PY 2024
AB Under the impetus of the new industrial revolution, how to realize
   intelligent manufacturing transformation of traditional pharmaceutical
   manufacturing enterprises has realistic urgency.  The study starts from the
   perspective of complex adaptive system, constructs a system dynamics model
   of the evolution mechanism of intelligent manufacturing transformation of
   pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises based on technological adaptation
   and evolutionary adaptation, and analyzes it by simulation using Vensim PLE
   software.  The results of the study show that pharmaceutical manufacturing
   enterprises utilize technological affordances to provide support to realize
   network product-based manufacturing capability and smart product-based
   manufacturing capability through technological innovation capability and
   institutional optimization capability; the technological affordances
   environment promotes the realization of intelligent manufacturing
   transformation of pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises to present a
   stage transformation law.  The study enriches and extends the research
   paradigm of intelligent manufacturing transformation, and provides a
   reference for pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises to realize
   intelligent manufacturing transformation.
DE pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises; intelligent manufacturing
   transformation; technology affordances; system dynamics
ID product life-cycle; big data; artificial-intelligence; industry 40;
   challenges; management; framework; information; innovation; internet

---

UT 144
AR Xie LL, 2025, IEEE TRANS ENG MANAG, V72, P3109, DOI 10.1109/TEM.2025.3589770
TI Investigating the Driving Mechanism of Megaproject Social Responsibility
   Behavior: A System Dynamics Approach
AU Xie LL; Luo YF/2; Ju TH; Li DH; Zhao XB; Chen YJ
TC 1
SO IEEE TRANS ENG MANAG
PY 2025
AB Although megaproject social responsibility (MSR) behavior has gained
   increasing attention from both academia and industry, it is still unclear
   how MSR behavior evolves over time.  Utilizing system dynamics (SD) method,
   this study aims to investigate the driving mechanism behind MSR behavior
   from the perspective of a system evolution cycle.  First, drawing on the
   motivation-opportunity-ability framework, the drivers of MSR behavior were
   inductively summarized through literature review and semi-structured
   interviews.  Second, a causal loop diagram was employed to analyze the
   relationships between the drivers, leading to the development of a
   quantitative model.  The valid empirical data from 162 respondents was
   collected to initialize parameters.  Finally, system simulation was
   conducted using Vensim PLE. The findings reveals that the model effectively
   portrays the evolution of MSR behavior.  The level of MSR behavior exhibits
   an overall growing trend, with the growth rate following an inverted
   U-shaped pattern over time.  The simulation analysis underscores the pivotal
   roles of social responsibility culture, regulatory pressure and resource
   support.  This study contributes to the body of the knowledge on megaproject
   management by offering a dynamic perspective on MSR behavior.  The
   established SD model can be served as a practical tool and helps
   practitioners develop effective strategies for MSR governance.
DE driving mechanism; megaproject social respon-sibility ( msr ) behavior;
   simulation; system dynamics ( sd ); system dynamics ( sd ); system dynamics
   ( sd )
ID opportunity; motivation; framework; employees; ability; power

---

UT 145
AR Han S, 2019, SUSTAINABILITY-BASEL, V11, DOI 10.3390/su11184901
TI Projections and Recommendations for Energy Structure and Industrial
   Structure Development in China through 2030: A System Dynamics Model
AU Han S; Lin CQ; Zhang BS; Farnoosh A
TC 6
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2019
AB In this research, we established a System Dynamics Model named "E&I-SD" to
   study the development of the energy structure and industrial structure in
   China from 2000 to 2030 using Vensim Simulation Software based on energy
   economy theory, system science theory and coordinated development theory.
   We used Direct Structure Test, Structure-oriented Behavior Test, and
   Behavior Pattern Test to ensure the optimal operation of the system.  The
   model's results showed that the indicators of total energy consumption,
   total added value of GDP after regulation, energy consumption per capita,
   and GDP per capita were on the rise in China, but emissions per unit of
   energy showed a downward trend.  Separately, the model predicted average
   annual growth rates in China through 2030. Based on these findings, we
   proposed important policies for China's sustainable development.  Firstly,
   short- and long-term policy measures should be implemented to replace fossil
   fuels with clean energy.  Secondly, the utilization efficiency of raw coal
   should be appraised future.  The planning should provide for steady
   development and improvement of the primary, secondary, and tertiary sectors.
   Thirdly, the mid- and long-term plans for development and management of
   various industrial sectors and the corresponding energy consumption should
   be based on technological trends.  Finally, a market-oriented pricing
   mechanism for energy should be established in China as soon as possible.
DE energy structure; industrial structure; coordinated development; system
   dynamics
ID economic-growth; co2 emission; primary fuel; consumption; environment;
   countries; causality; india; gdp; efficiency

---

UT 146
AR Hidayat T, 2022, ECON, V10, DOI 10.3390/economies10010006
TI Early Warning Early Action for the Banking Solvency Risk in the COVID-19
   Pandemic Era: A Case Study of Indonesia
AU Hidayat T; Masyita D; Nidar SR; Ahmad F; Syarif MAN
TC 4
SO ECON
PY 2022
AB The COVID-19 pandemic has affected people's lives and increased the banking
   solvency risk.  This research aimed to build an early warning and early
   action simulation model to mitigate the solvency risk using the system
   dynamics methodology and the Powersim Studio 10 (c) software.  The addition
   of an early action simulation updates the existing early warning model.
   Through this model, the effect of policy design and options on potential
   solvency risks is known before implementation.  The trials conducted at Bank
   BRI (BBRI) and Bank Mandiri (BMRI) showed that the model had the ability to
   provide an early warning of the potential increase in bank solvency risk
   when the loan restructuring policy is revoked.  It also simulates the
   effectiveness of management's policy options to mitigate these risks.  This
   research used publicly accessible banking data and analysis.  Bank
   management could also take advantage of this model through a self-
   stimulation facility developed in this study to accommodate their needs
   using the internal data.
DE banking sector; covid-19 outbreak; corporate insolvency; simulation; loan
   restructuring policy; system dynamics; early warning early action
ID commercial-banks; system dynamics; behavior

---

UT 147
AR Hu GZ, 2023, SUSTAINABILITY-BASEL, V15, DOI 10.3390/su15129219
TI Research on Data-Driven Dynamic Decision-Making Mechanism of Mega
   Infrastructure Project Construction
AU Hu GZ; Liu YM; Liu K; Yang XX
TC 8
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB The construction of mega infrastructure projects has the characteristics of
   repeatability, long duration, and high complexity.  Therefore, it is
   particularly important to implement dynamic decision-making in projects.
   This study takes data-driven decision-making mechanisms as the entry point
   and constructs a dynamic decision-making system for mega infrastructure
   projects consisting of an information collection subsystem, an information
   processing and transformation subsystem, a human-computer collaborative
   decision-making subsystem and an evaluation and feedback subsystem.  On this
   basis, we established a system dynamics model of dynamic decision-making for
   mega infrastructure projects.  Vensim PLE 9.3.5 software was used to
   simulate and analyze the operation law of dynamic decision-making for mega
   infrastructure projects from a data-driven perspective, and the sensitivity
   of the application rate of information management technology, the
   application rate of data analysis methods, the participation rate of experts
   in decision-making, the historical case information on this project, and the
   information on similar projects on the effectiveness of program
   implementation were simulated and analyzed.  The results of the study showed
   that all five key influencing factors have a positive impact on the
   effectiveness of program implementation.  In addition, the application rate
   of information management technology and the application rate of information
   analysis methods have a higher sensitivity to the effectiveness of program
   implementation, the participation rate of experts in decision-making and
   historical case information on this project have average sensitivity to the
   effectiveness of program implementation, and information on similar projects
   has lower sensitivity to the effectiveness of program implementation.  This
   study provides some ideas and suggestions to promote the effective use of
   information technology and digital technology by each participant in the
   construction of mega infrastructure projects while improving their dynamic
   decision-making efficiency, scientificity, and accuracy.
DE mega infrastructure projects; data-driven; dynamic decision-making; system
   dynamics
ID system dynamics; management; model; information; view

---

UT 148
AR Ramachandra C, 2018, ADV CIV ENG MATER, V7, P243, DOI 10.1520/ACEM20170057
TI Application of System Dynamics to Integrate Pavement Preservation in
   Flexible Pavement Design Process
AU Ramachandra C; Ramachandran S; Veeraragavan A
TC 3
SO ADV CIV ENG MATER
PY 2018
AB The performance of a pavement depends on factors like the characteristics of
   the materials in different pavement layers, traffic, climates, environments,
   construction quality, etc.  Though a pavement is designed for 15 years,
   conventionally, the pavement reaches the threshold level of performance
   before the design life, warranting minor and major rehabilitation treatments
   because of factors beyond the control of the designer.  However, the
   maintenance and rehabilitation treatments during the design life of a
   pavement are not considered in the design process.  The performance of a
   pavement is defined in terms of the various distresses, i.e., cracking,
   rutting, roughness, potholes, etc.  The performance of the pavement also
   depends on the strength properties of different pavement layers and their
   thicknesses, quality of construction, traffic, climate, etc.  The level of
   influence of these parameters on each of the distresses is different.  In
   this study, the Mechanistic Empirical Pavement Design Guideline design tool
   AASHTOWare is used to simulate the data for cracking (percentage of bottom
   up fatigue cracking), rutting (total rutting), and roughness in terms of the
   International Roughness Index.  A sensitivity analysis is carried out to
   study the influence of the design parameters on the distresses.  From the
   results of AASHTOWare simulations, a relationship is established between
   design input parameters and distress growth using multiple linear
   regression.  While this model gives the estimate of distress over time with
   respect to the design parameters, the year at which the first preservation
   activity has to be carried out is to be determined.  Considering the
   pavement as a system, the system dynamics concept could be well suited to
   study the influence of various factors on the performance of the pavement.
   A system dynamic model is formulated and implemented using system dynamic
   software POWERSIM. This study identifies the optimal intervention year for
   the pavement preservation strategies that depend on traffic level, design
   layer thicknesses, and modulus (strength) of the pavement layers.
DE design; performance; aashtoware; sensitivity analysis; deterioration models;
   system dynamics

---

UT 149
AR Shi YQ, 2022, BMC HEALTH SERV RES, V22, DOI 10.1186/s12913-022-08835-0
TI Simulation of performance evaluation model for medical-elderly care
   integrated institutions based on system dynamics
AU Shi YQ; Fan FF; Zhang ZY
TC 8
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2022
AB Background Based on the Chinese model of medical-elderly care integration,
   this paper aims to explore the impact of different investment levels on the
   performance of the medical-elderly care integrated institutions.  Methods
   Using the method of system dynamics, this paper establishes the performance
   evaluation model of medical-elderly care integrated institutions, sets the
   system element input, service level, and policy support as the key factors,
   and uses Vensim PLE software for simulation.  Results The three key factors
   have different degrees of positive impact on the performance of medical-
   elderly care integrated institutions.  On the whole, policy support has the
   most significant impact on the performance of institutions, followed by the
   level of medical-elderly care integrated services.  Institutional input
   mainly has a great impact on the performance of institutions in the early
   stage.  In addition, the model simulation results also show the emergence
   effect: the improvement rate of institutional performance under the
   comprehensive simulation is higher than the sum of the improvement rates
   under the separate action of single factor.  Conclusion Government policies
   have played an important role in promoting the development of medical-
   elderly care integrated institutions.  The service level and resource input
   can effectively promote the performance of medical-elderly care integrated
   institutions.  Institutions should formulate development strategies from a
   systematic perspective, and pay attention to the integration of "medical"
   and "elderly care" resources.
DE medical-care integration models; performance evaluation; system dynamics;
   sensitivity analysis
ID management

---

UT 150
AR Sattari MT, 2020, J TEKIRDAG AGRIC FAC, V17, P406, DOI 10.33462/jotaf.703167
TI Investigating the Effect of Managing Scenarios of Flow Reduction and
   Increasing Irrigation Water Demand on Water Resources Allocation Using
   System Dynamics (Case Study: Zonouz Dam, Iran)
AU Sattari MT; Mirabbasi R; Dolati H; Sureh FS; Ahmad S/1
TC 9
SO J TEKIRDAG AGRIC FAC
PY 2020
AB Meeting the healthy nutrition needs of the increasing population in the arid
   and semi-arid climates of the different regions of the world such as Iran
   has become very important for the agriculture ministry and water resources
   managers.  In this study, the system dynamics approach was used in the
   Vensim software environment to allocate the water of the Zonouz dam
   reservoir for irrigation purposes in the northwest of Iran.  For this
   purpose, the existing surface water resources in the basin and the amounts
   of agricultural water and environmental water demands were determined and a
   water allocation plan was developed.  In the first stage of the study, it
   was found that if the existing water resources and demands will not change,
   the amount of water stored in the reservoir will provide approximately 91%
   of irrigation water demands and approximately 99% of environmental water
   needs.  The model created in the study was found to be sensitive to
   reservoir inputs and irrigation water demands.  Within the scope of this
   study, the impact of two different scenarios that may occur as a result of
   climate change and irrigation management in the operation of the reservoir
   was evaluated.  The decrease in the amount of water entering the reservoir
   in the first scenario and the increase in irrigation water needs in the
   second scenario are assumed within the next 10 years.  According to the
   simulation results of the first scenario, irrigation water demands will not
   be met sufficiently with the decrease in the amount of water to be stored in
   the reservoir due to the decrease in the amount of water entering the
   reservoir in the next 10 years.  According to the results of the second
   scenario, in the next 10 years due to possible climate change or if the
   cultivated area increases due to some new agricultural policies; The amount
   of water stored in the reservoir will not meet the irrigation demands and
   there will be water shortage in the system.  In this case, it is necessary
   to make changes in irrigation water management and use new irrigation
   systems to save water.  Based on the findings of the study, it has been
   observed that the impact of all types of irrigation water policies can be
   successfully evaluated within the scope of the system dynamics approach.
DE water resources allocation; system dynamics; vensim; zonouz dam; iran
ID agricultural-development; river-basin; management; model; simulation;
   sustainability; policy; rules

---

UT 151
AR Zhao P, 2022, TUNN UNDERGR SP TECHNOL, V119, DOI 10.1016/j.tust.2021.104213
TI System dynamics: A new approach for the evaluation of urban underground
   resource integrated development
AU Zhao P; Li XZ; Zhang W; Xiong ZY; Xu WT; Dai JL; Deng LC
TC 11
SO TUNN UNDERGR SP TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB The current scale and intensity of urban underground resources (UUR) are
   greater than ever, and the integrated development of UUR is of considerable
   significance for urban sustainable development.  However, insights on the
   characteristics of UUR interactions are limited, and thus a quantitative
   evaluation method is lacking.  In this study, we determined UUR interactions
   to have the following characteristics: spatiotemporal dynamics; multiple
   influencing factors; chain reactions and synergetic and conflicting
   coexistence.  Based on these characteristics, the system dynamics (SD)
   method was presented as a new approach to evaluate UUR interactions.
   Compared with existing methods, SD is not only highly consistent with the
   interaction characteristics of UUR, but can also quantitatively analyze UUR.
   Furthermore, by taking the integrated development of geomaterial and urban
   underground space as a case study, the integrated development impacts were
   quantitatively evaluated via an integrated two-stage dynamic SD model
   through Vensim (R). The simulation results demonstrate that the GM
   production of the newly built Beijing subway (991 km, 531 stations) during
   2018-2023 can be reduced from 2.07 x 10(7)m(3) to 1.33 x 10(7)m(3) by
   integrated development.  Moreover, the integrated development achieved
   favourable environmental impacts, including reductions in the energy
   consumption from 4.07 x 10(7)kgce to 2.62 x 10(7) kgce; greenhouse gas
   emissions from 3.59 x 10(7)kg to 2.31 x 10(7)kg; and landfill space
   occupation from 9.24 x 10(6) m(3) to 5.95 x 10(6) m(3). This study provides
   an SD tool for planners interested in the integrated development of UUR and
   acts as a reference for the assessment of the integrated development
   impacts.
DE urban underground resources; integrated development; system dynamics;
   environmental impacts
ID demolition waste management; environmental performance; sustainable
   development; reduction management; geosystem services; construction; model;
   simulation; shenzhen; design

---

UT 152
AR Baqeri E, 2025, RESULTS ENG, V26, DOI 10.1016/j.rineng.2025.105111
TI An hourly energy management strategy based on the development of a system
   dynamics model for microgrid systems
AU Baqeri E; Tahsiri A; Amraee T
TC 5
SO RESULTS ENG
PY 2025
AB This study develops a System Dynamics based (SD-based) energy management
   strategy for microgrids to achieve precise hourly power balance by
   coordinating renewable resources, diesel generators, and battery storage.
   Addressing the volatility of renewable generation, the model exploits real-
   time adjustments in power generation and storage to match dynamic demand
   levels.  Simulations were run on three cases, including a practical case
   using data from an Iranian microgrid, to study the cost-effectiveness and
   flexibility of the proposed strategy.  The results demonstrate the
   capability of the model in following complicated power changes with
   sustained energy balance at reduced operating costs.  For Case III, under
   fast changes in demand, the strategy reached a total cost of 233.33 M.U
   (Monetary Unit). The use of a penalty-weighted strategy had the effect of
   reducing peak-hour error costs by 30 %, reflecting good cost management even
   during increased variability.  Utilizing the Vensim software, the S.D. model
   responds by shifting to diesel generation in periods of shortage and
   harvesting renewable energy in surplus periods, reflecting an optimal system
   of real-time control.  Additionally, the simulations also indicate that
   greater energy change magnitudes, especially abrupt changes, increase
   overall costs, which justifies the application of strategic control for
   high-variability scenarios.  In conclusion, this SD-based method offers a
   lowcost, dependable microgrid energy management solution that maximizes the
   utilization of renewables with a continuous energy supply.  The success in
   handling various demand profiles indicates the potential for scalability in
   other microgrid setups, thereby enhancing sustainable and resilient
   decentralized energy systems via flexible, data-driven control strategies.
DE system dynamics; microgrid; energy management strategy; tracking reference
ID trends

---

UT 153
AR Chumaidiyah E, 2025, SAGE OPEN, V15, DOI 10.1177/21582440251336516
TI Digital Marketing Intervention on Dynamic Finance and Feasibility Using
   Simulation: A Case Study
AU Chumaidiyah E; Madao M; Fauzi PM
TC 0
SO SAGE OPEN
PY 2025
AB This paper aims to design a model that assesses the impact of digital
   marketing interventions on the finance and feasibility of Micro, Small, and
   Medium Enterprises (SMEs). The model developed in this study evaluates the
   most effective digital marketing alternatives to boost sales in line with
   the production capacity of the SMEs.  The research methodology employs a
   system dynamic modeling approach to accurately represent the real system of
   SME X. The designed model comprises three subsystems: marketing, production,
   and finance, which are essential for assessing the feasibility of SMEs.
   Each subsystem includes interconnected variable elements linked through
   equations.  Simulation processes are conducted using the system dynamics
   approach with 77 variables, three scenarios, and 16 alternatives, utilizing
   the Vensim application.  The results suggest that digital marketing
   interventions effectively increase profits for small and micro-scale SMEs
   under conditions of high sales volume.  However, when sales volumes are
   relatively low, conventional marketing proves more effective in enhancing
   profits.  Effective digital marketing interventions significantly impact
   both profits and financial stability.  The model's originality lies in its
   ability to predict future conditions resulting from digital marketing
   interventions on profits and dynamic finance.  The research's novelty lies
   in generating new knowledge about effective digital marketing strategies.
DE digital marketing; intervention; finance; feasibility; system dynamics
ID system dynamics; performance-measurement; capabilities; model; strategies;
   innovation; evolution; education; thinking; quality

---

UT 154
AR Liu K, 2024, J ASIAN ARCH BUILD ENG, V23, P712, DOI
   10.1080/13467581.2023.2223696
TI Efficiency of risk management for tunnel security of megaprojects
   construction in China based on system dynamics
AU Liu K; Liu YM; Kou YY; Yang XX; Hu GZ
TC 6
SO J ASIAN ARCH BUILD ENG
PY 2024
AB There have been repeated security incidents in megaproject tunnels,
   construction security issues are particularly serious, and the management of
   security risks is receiving increasing attention.  This study was conducted
   to improve the efficiency of tunnel security risk management, the security
   risk management process was adopted as an entry point, based on the Observe-
   Orient-Decision-Action (OODA) model, the influencing factors index system
   for the efficiency of security risk management in megaproject tunnels from
   four dimensions: observe, orient, decision and action.  The AHP-EWM method
   is applied to assign index weights to model the system dynamics of security
   risk management efficiency.  The Vensim software was used to simulate and
   analyse the effect of different indices on the efficiency of security risk
   management under different conditions, which provides a reference for
   improving the efficiency of security risk management.  The results of the
   study show that building a comprehensive and uninterrupted risk information
   awareness network, real-time adaptation of risk control strategies based on
   the complexity of risks, and shortening risk management delays can
   effectively increase the efficiency of dynamic security risk management.
   This provides a theoretical and practical reference for effectively
   improving the efficiency of risk management for tunnel security in
   megaproject construction.
DE management efficiency; tunnel security risk; megaprojects; system dynamics;
   ahp-ewm
ID safety; project; identification

---

UT 155
AR Yang HT, 2024, BIOMASS CONVERS BIOREFINERY, V14, P9571, DOI
   10.1007/s13399-022-02897-0
TI Forecasting and controlling of municipal solid waste (MSW) in the Kaohsiung
   City, Taiwan, by using system dynamics modeling
AU Yang HT; Chao HR; Cheng YF
TC 6
SO BIOMASS CONVERS BIOREFINERY
PY 2024
AB Municipal solid waste (MSW) management is a prime concern for municipal
   governments in order to safeguard human health, the environment, and natural
   resources.  An accurate prediction of MSW generation might serve as the
   basis for strategies for the effective and efficient management of MSW.
   Because different factors might influence waste trends, an accurate
   prediction of waste generation is required for proper waste management
   system design.  This project aims to develop a system dynamics model for MSW
   forecasting and control based on population, economy, and waste.  The
   simulation and quantitative analysis were performed using the system
   dynamics (SD) technique, with Kaohsiung City, one of the special economic
   zones in southern Taiwan, serving as the empirical example.  The stock-and-
   flow SD model was constructed using model structure analysis, and the causal
   loop diagram on MSW generation was depicted in the VENSIM interface.
   According to the modeling results, MSW generation in Kaohsiung City would
   reach 3040 thousand tonnes by 2030. This amount might be reduced by
   introducing waste sorting and recycling initiatives and increasing waste
   charges.  The results of this research might provide the waste management
   department of Kaohsiung City, Taiwan, with valuable instructions for taking
   efficient and timely steps for the correct management and utilization of the
   massive volume of solid waste.
DE simulation; stock-and-flow model; system dynamics ( sd ); causal loop
   diagram ( cld ); municipal solid-waste ( msw )
ID generation; management; optimization

---

UT 156
AR Peng XC, 2026, ENERGIES, V19, DOI 10.3390/en19051259
TI Enhancing the Resilience of Distributed Energy Storage on Smart Highways: A
   System Dynamics Approach for Dynamic Maintenance Decision-Making
AU Peng XC; Yang YQ
TC 0
SO ENERGIES
PY 2026
AB The resilience of Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITSs) heavily relies
   on distributed Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESSs) deployed in harsh,
   unattended highway environments.  Traditional maintenance strategies often
   fail to account for the dynamic feedback between battery aging,
   environmental stress, and maintenance response latency.  This study proposes
   a system dynamics (SD) framework to evaluate and optimize the resilience of
   these critical power infrastructures.  By modeling the nonlinear
   interactions among sensor data, controller logic, and remote discharge
   terminals, we simulate the system's dynamic behavior over a 36-month
   lifecycle.  The results reveal a critical "scalability threshold": when
   battery pack quantity exceeds 40 units, the system's self-healing time
   increases disproportionately, degrading resilience.  Furthermore, the study
   identifies 384 V as the optimal "Resilience Topology Voltage", offering the
   fastest recovery speed by balancing thermal stability with consistency
   management efficiency.  These findings provide theoretical guidelines for
   configuring BESS capacity and optimizing remote maintenance protocols to
   ensure uninterrupted highway operations.
DE system dynamics; intelligent maintenance system; highway; battery;
   performance management; vensimple
ID battery-management-system

---

UT 157
AR Nikabadi MS, 2018, INT J SYST DYN APPL, V7, P1, DOI 10.4018/IJSDA.2018010101
TI A Dynamic Model of Effective Factors on Open Innovation in Manufacturing
   Small and Medium Sized Companies
AU Nikabadi MS; Hakaki A
TC 28
SO INT J SYST DYN APPL
PY 2018
AB Open Innovation is a key to improve SMEs' performance in a dynamic
   marketplace.  This article aims to present a dynamic model based on causal
   relationships among the most important effective factors on Open Innovation
   in manufacturing SMEs by using system dynamics modelling approach.  To study
   the most important factors, the data collected by questionnaires filled by
   275 experts, and analyzed by SPSS and PLS. Causal relationships among
   studied factors and efficacy coefficients of each factor were identified by
   fuzzy DEMATEL technique, the data collected from 12 experts and analyzed by
   MATLAB and EXCEL. Finally, the dynamic model was plotted by VENSIM.
   According to the results, only strategy of organization has a single loop of
   causality and effects on itself directly.  Economic factors are the most
   important causal factor that has the highest influence on the other factors.
   Strategy of organization takes the highest effect from the system and
   organizational learning is in the next rank.  Besides, partners are the most
   important effected factor and ecological issues as an effected factor has no
   influence on the others.
DE fuzzy dematel technique; open innovation; smes; system dynamics; vensim
ID research and development; system dynamics; absorptive-capacity; empirical-
   evidence; performance; technology; organizations; construction; future;
   firms

---

UT 158
AR Chen XH, 2025, BUILD, V15, DOI 10.3390/buildings15070996
TI System Dynamics Simulation of Intervention Strategies for Unsafe Behaviors
   Among Prefabricated Building Construction Workers
AU Chen XH; Gao YJ; Chen RH; Huang BL; Ma LY
TC 1
SO BUILD
PY 2025
AB Prefabricated building construction is a crucial approach to achieving
   "green" building goals, yet it differs significantly from traditional cast-
   in-place construction methods.  Due to complex cross-operations, high
   mechanization requirements, insufficient worker experience, and inadequate
   safety measures, prefabricated construction faces greater safety management
   challenges than traditional methods.  This study identifies 17 key
   indicators influencing unsafe behaviors among prefabricated building
   construction workers across four dimensions: physical environment,
   individual factors, team factors, and safety management.  A combined
   weighting method, integrating the entropy weight method and the coefficient
   of variation method, was employed to determine the weight of each factor.
   Based on the weight analysis results, a system dynamics intervention model
   for unsafe behaviors of prefabricated building construction workers was
   developed and simulated using the Vensim platform.  The results indicate
   that, among single intervention measures, improving individual comprehensive
   skills has the most significant effect, reducing unsafe behaviors by 37.78%,
   though this still falls short of the desired target.  In contrast, combined
   interventions yield superior outcomes, with reductions of 68.87% for
   individual factor interventions, 59.93% for safety management interventions,
   46.32% for team factor interventions, and 20.71% for physical environment
   interventions.  These findings highlight the significant advantages of
   combined interventions.  Based on the study results and the characteristics
   of prefabricated construction, this paper proposes specific intervention
   strategies, emphasizing the importance of training and institutional
   development to systematically enhance workers' safety behaviors.
DE prefabricated building; unsafe behavior; entropy weighting method; system
   dynamics; intervention measures
ID safety

---

UT 159
AR Abdallah KS, 2022, INT J IND ENG-THEORY APPL PR, V29, DOI
   10.23055/ijietap.2022.29.4.8115
TI A SYSTEM DYNAMICS MODEL ASSESSING THE SUSTAINABILITY OF THE PERFORMANCE OF
   SUPPLY CHAINS WITH REVERSE FLOW
AU Abdallah KS; El-Beheiry MM
TC 2
SO INT J IND ENG-THEORY APPL PR
PY 2022
AB Sustainability in supply chains is more important than ever.  In this paper,
   we consider a supply chain with a reverse flow where customers can return or
   replace products that flow backward to upstream members.  The returned
   products re-enter the forward flow after different adjustments.  We focus on
   measuring how the different operational parameters affect the sustainability
   of the supply chain and whether their interaction may affect the
   sustainability measures or not.  The sustainability dimensions considered
   here are the social and environmental dimensions.  A system dynamics model
   is developed for a supply chain with reverse flow.  The proposed model
   measures the social dimension in terms of customer satisfaction and the
   environmental dimension in terms of the green image factor.  We run the
   model for different parameters, and a factorial analysis is conducted on the
   results to show their main effect and their interaction effect on the
   measures under study.  The results show how each of the main factors affects
   the sustainability of the supply chain; and how the interactions between the
   different factors can improve the already conflicting nature between the
   environmental and social performance measures.
DE reverse supply chain; factorial analysis; system dynamics; vensim;
   sustainable supply chain
ID green corporate image; management; network

---

UT 160
AR Amiri A, 2020, INT J INTELL ENG INF, V8, P198, DOI 10.1504/IJIEI.2020.111247
TI Investigating the sustainability of a food system by system dynamics
   approach
AU Amiri A; Mehrjerdi YZ; Jalalimanesh A; Sadegheih A
TC 1
SO INT J INTELL ENG INF
PY 2020
AB Food is one of the essential human needs, from birth to death.  The
   existence of sustainable systems that satisfy such requirements is always
   critical for the survival of the human race.  This study investigates the
   sustainability of a food system using the system dynamics approach.  The
   proposed model is applied to a food system in Iran.  For this, the key
   factors affecting the production of wheat, the primary food resource in
   Iran, were analysed.  Based on the history of these factors and related
   research works, causal loop diagrams were depicted.  Then, the problem was
   simulated by drawing the flow diagram.  After the model validation, several
   scenarios were proposed for sustainable wheat production.  Reducing the use
   of chemical fertilisers and increasing the use of organic fertilisers, while
   in the short term, reduce the production, in a long time, by improving soil
   quality, bring about an increase in cropping sustainability and wheat
   production.
DE food system; simulation; system dynamics; system sustainability; wheat
   production; causal loop diagram; sustainable food system; statistical
   analyzes; vensim software
ID simulation model; policy; agriculture; resources

---

UT 161
AR Vafaee M, 2025, ENV DEV SUSTAIN, V27, P14985, DOI 10.1007/s10668-023-04438-9
TI Optimal pricing of drinking water based on the average household income
   using a system dynamics approach
AU Vafaee M; Nozari H; Marofi S
TC 0
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2025
AB Proper planning, management of water resources, and improvement and
   development of management methods of water and sewerage network are
   essential for sustainable use of available water resources and prevention of
   economic losses of the Water and Sewerage Company.  In this research, the
   water and sewerage network of Hamedan was simulated using a system dynamics
   approach.  The model's accuracy in determining the benefit-cost ratio was
   evaluated.  Based on the financial results, for the benefit-cost ratio, the
   values of root-mean-square error (RMSE), standard error (SE), and
   determination coefficient (R2) were calculated as 0.01, 0.03, and 0.993,
   respectively.  According to the results, the developed model in this
   research has high accuracy in simulating the company's financial balance.
   The optimal drinking water price in different scenarios was determined using
   the Powell optimization algorithm to improve the economic balance of the
   Water and Sewerage Company.  As long as the per capita consumption of low-
   income, medium-income, and high-income households is 138, 203, and 268
   L/day, respectively, we have no water shortage, and the benefit-cost ratio
   is improving.  The company's financial balance can be increased by
   determining the optimal drinking water price according to the income of
   urban households.  In addition, the level of social welfare can be increased
   by increasing the renovation rate of pipes.
DE optimization; powell algorithm; system dynamics; vensim; water and sewerage
   network
ID domestic water; management; service; cost; pay

---

UT 162
AR Georgantzas NC, 2007, RESOUR MANAG J, V20, P90, DOI 10.4018/irmj.2007040106
TI Disruptive Innovation Strategy Effects on Hard-Disk Maker Population: A
   System Dynamics Study
AU Georgantzas NC; Katsamakas E
TC 7
SO RESOUR MANAG J
PY 2007
AB To encourage premium-quality information systems (IS) research in areas
   where dynamic complexity rules, this article combines disruptive innovation
   strategy (DIS) theory with the system dynamics (SD) modeling method.  It
   presents a computer simulation model of the hard-disk (HD) maker population
   overshoot and collapse dynamics.  Data from the HD maker industry help
   calibrate the parameters of the SD model and replicate the HD makers'
   overshoot and collapse dynamics, which DIS allegedly caused from 1973
   through 1993. SD model analysis entails articulating exactly how the
   structure of feedback relations among variables in a system determines its
   performance through time.  The analysis of the HD maker population model
   shows that, over five distinct time phases, four different feedback loops
   might have been most prominent in generating the HD maker population
   dynamics.  The article shows the benefits of using SD modeling software,
   such as iThink (R), and SD model analysis software, such as Digest (R). The
   latter helps detect exactly how changes in loop polarity and prominence
   determine system performance through time.  Strategic scenarios computed
   with the model also show the relevance of using SD for IS research and
   practice.
DE complex systems; disruptive innovation; feedback loops; innovation
   diffusion; it industry; system dynamics; technology adoption
ID model; feedback

---

UT 163
AR Qin HH, 2012, WATER POLICY, V14, P214, DOI 10.2166/wp.2011.106
TI System dynamics analysis of water supply and demand in the North China Plain
AU Qin HH; Sun ACT; Liu J; Zheng CM
TC 24
SO WATER POLIC
PY 2012
AB Water resource carrying capacity (WRCC) is an important metric for regional
   sustainable development in China.  It is defined as the difference between
   the total water supply and demand.  The North China Plain (NCP) currently
   faces a serious water shortage if the WRCC is not managed at a sustainable
   level.  This study focuses on applying system dynamics (SD) methodology to
   evaluate different water use scenarios and their associated WRCC for the
   NCP. System characteristics of local water resources and demand in the NCP
   are captured and simulated using VENSIM (R) software.  A SD model of the
   WRCC is constructed which consists of five sub-systems: agricultural
   irrigation, population growth, urbanization level, water recycle and
   industrial output.  The impact on the WRCC is tested through three growth
   scenarios: keeping the status quo, aggressive industrial growth and modest
   growth combined with wastewater recycle.  Based on the simulation results,
   the WRCC that can most likely sustain economic growth without overly
   stressing the water supply is the one with modest growth combined with
   waste-water recycle.
DE north china plain ( ncp ); system dynamics ( sd ); water resource carrying-
   capacity ( wrcc ); water resource management

---

UT 164
AR Hosseinzadeh A, 2021, IRAN JOURN MANAG STUD, V14, P291, DOI
   10.22059/IJMS.2020.295013.673905
TI Providing a System Dynamics Model to Evaluate Time, Cost, and Customer
   Satisfaction in Omni-Channel Distribution: A Case Study
AU Hosseinzadeh A; Esmaili H; Soltani R
TC 2
SO IRAN JOURN MANAG STUD
PY 2021
AB The shopping experience in Omni-channel distributions is influenced by the
   physical environment of the buyer, delivery time, and the cost of production
   to distribution of the goods which have a significant impact on customer
   loyalty and customer satisfaction.  This study presents a system dynamics
   approach to identify the variables affecting the three aspects of customer
   satisfaction, cost, and delivery time, as well as the relationships among
   these variables in omni-channel distribution.  By reviewing previous studies
   and expert opinions identifying important variables, followed by generating
   different scenarios in the Vensim software, the optimal values of the
   important variables are estimated.  It is observed that by approaching the
   values of the fourth scenario - increase in the amount of market
   competitiveness indices, customer referral rate, marketing costs, technology
   etc.  and decrease in the maintenance costs - the highest customer
   satisfaction and the lowest cost and delivery time can be achieved.
DE omni-channel distribution; system dynamics; customer satisfaction; cost and
   delivery time
ID routing problem; supply chain; retail; logistics; multichannel; fulfillment;
   integration; framework; design

---

UT 165
AR Ghashghaei M, 2013, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V27, P5119, DOI
   10.1007/s11269-013-0457-2
TI Rainfall-runoff Modeling in a Watershed Scale Using an Object Oriented
   Approach Based on the Concepts of System Dynamics
AU Ghashghaei M; Bagheri A; Morid S
TC 17
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2013
AB Relying on a linear causal thinking, most of the hydrological models fail to
   incorporate socio-economic characteristics of a watershed with hydrological
   and environmental attributes.  Based on a systems thinking philosophy, the
   paper aims to adopt an Object-Oriented (OO) approach based on the concepts
   of System Dynamics (SD) such as stocks and flows to analyze the dynamics in
   a hydrological system in a watershed scale.  Object-Oriented modeling is a
   way to organize data into discrete, recognizable entities called objects.
   These objects could be concrete (such as a river reach) or conceptual (such
   as a policy decision). In the present paper, VENSIM PLE has been used for
   the modeling purpose.  The application was illustrated in an Iranian
   watershed.  The model was examined using validity and verifying tests.  The
   results showed that the model is capable of generating the monthly runoff
   quite well.  The values of R-2 are 0.69 and 0.61 for generated discharge
   values at Polchehr and Doab stations respectively.  Also the values of NSE
   are 0.66 and 0.64 for estimated discharge values at the same stations.  The
   capability of model was more clarified comparing R-2 and NSE coefficients
   obtained by a SWAT model with those obtained by Watershed Hydrological Model
   developed in this study.
DE object oriented modeling; system dynamics; iwrm; rainfall-runoff; iran
ID european hydrological system; decision support system; resources management;
   river-basin; simulation; she

---

UT 166
AR Nie S, 2024, J CLEAN PROD, V452, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.142174
TI Deciphering stakeholder strategies in electric vehicle battery recycling:
   Insights from a tripartite evolutionary game and system dynamics
AU Nie S; Cai GT; Huang YP; He JX
TC 16
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2024
AB Given that the global fleet of electric vehicles is expanding rapidly,
   leading to a surge in demand for power batteries, the significance of
   battery recycling has come sharply into focus.  In this paper, we develop a
   tripartite evolutionary game model coupled with a system dynamics simulation
   approach to analyze the behavioral mechanisms of stakeholders in electric
   vehicle battery recycling and to identify the key factors influencing their
   strategic transformations.  The model involves three key stakeholders: local
   governments, battery cathode manufacturers, and battery pack manufacturers.
   Through profit analysis and the formulation of a replicator dynamics system,
   coupled with the application of Vensim for system dynamics modeling, we
   analyze the effects of ten crucial exogenous variables on stakeholder
   strategies.  Our research highlights the crucial role of government actions,
   such as subsidies and penalties, in directing corporate strategies.
   Notably, excessively high subsidies (over 2.1 million Chinese Yuan) lead to
   dependency among cathode manufacturers.  Market factors, including increased
   battery sales and the preference for low-carbon procurement by electric
   vehicle manufacturers, are shown to significantly motivate cathode
   manufacturers to adopt recycling strategies and encourage pack manufacturers
   to develop recyclable designs.  Additionally, the introduction of EU battery
   regulations and the integration of cathode manufacturers into carbon trading
   schemes have been identified as positive catalysts for strategic shifts,
   especially for cathode manufacturers, while exerting minimal influence on
   pack manufacturers.  This paper elucidates the intricate interaction of the
   behavioral patterns and key motivators affecting stakeholder strategies in
   electric vehicle battery recycling.
DE electric vehicle battery recycling; evolutionary game analysis; system
   dynamics; subsidy policy; eu battery regulation; battery carbon footprint
ID china

---

UT 167
AR Maqsoom A, 2019, ENV ENG MANAG J, V18, P2363
TI A SYSTEM DYNAMICS-BASED ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE SIMULATION OF CONSTRUCTION
   WASTE REDUCTION MANAGEMENT: EFFECTIVE APPLICATION OF PREFABRICATION
AU Maqsoom A; Hashmi AAQ; Zeeshan M; Arshad Q; Nawaz A; Zeeshan BU; Salahuddin
   H
TC 9
SO ENV ENG MANAG J
PY 2019
AB Cost effective management of construction and demolition waste (C&DW) has
   become a serious issue with increased construction activity and modern urban
   lifestyle which is damaging environment, eating up resources and causing
   rapid land use changes.  These factors have influenced the construction
   industry significantly and therefore gained the practitioners' attention in
   recent past.  New strategies of C&DW reduction management are being devised
   and reported; this research aims at providing a better C&DW management
   technique which will benefit the construction industry in terms of waste
   reduction and consequent cost-benefit.  The main focus of this research is
   restrained to prefabrication of construction material and its effects on
   economy of tall buildings.  The data collected from traditional methods for
   CDW management and prefabrication factories is based on interviewed surveys
   from project managers, quantity surveyors and experienced site managers.
   The collected data is then processed into System dynamics using "VENSIM PLE"
   by creating causal relationships with dependent and independent variables.
   Economic theory in contrast with conventional and prefabrication methods of
   construction has been incorporated in this study.  Results show that usage
   of prefabrication technique proves to be more economical in managing C&DW.
   Construction waste management through prefabrication technique shows a
   reduction of cost around 79% as compared to that in construction through
   conventional methods.  This suggests that prefabrication technique can
   considerably reduce C&DW as well as costs for its management accordingly.
DE construction and demolition waste; economic-performance; prefabrication;
   recycling; system dynamics
ID demolition waste; solid-waste; environmental performance; impact; model;
   generation; separation

---

UT 168
AR Zhang MG, 2017, J LOSS PREVENT PROC, V50, P101, DOI
   10.1016/j.jlp.2017.09.005
TI A system dynamics model for risk perception of lay people in communication
   regarding risk of chemical incident
AU Zhang MG; Wang XD; Mannan MS; Qian CJ; Wang JY/1
TC 20
SO J LOSS PREV PROCESS IND
PY 2017
AB Risk perception plays an important role in risk communication and chemical
   incident prevention when engaging with different groups of people.  Risk
   perception of lay people emphasizes the individual experience of intuitive
   judgment and subjective cognition.  To study the mechanism of this process
   on chemical incidents, three causality feedback loops were achieved by
   analyzing previous studies on this mental process; meanwhile, system
   dynamics models were constructed.  Detailed causal trees of the key state
   variables (risk perception, risk perspective, risk response, and risk
   communication) were illustrated and applied to a quantitative simulation
   using Vensim software.  The simulation results reflect the dynamic process
   of risk perception of lay people, and specific curves of the key state
   variables were explained to support the rationality of the models.  A
   sensitivity analysis among the state variables and some auxiliary variables
   were implemented to identify their internal relationships.  The proposed
   methodology quantifies the diversification of psychological activities of
   risk perception through the simulated data and images, and offers a tool to
   optimize risk management and the emergency rescue of lay people at risk of a
   chemical incident.  (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE system dynamics model; risk perception; risk communication; chemical
   incident; lay people
ID contaminated sites; management; impact

---

UT 169
AR Guo HM, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-26325-1
TI Analysis and measurement of multi-factor coupling risk in underground coal
   mine gas explosion based on system dynamics
AU Guo HM; Chen YF; Cheng LH; Li SG
TC 1
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB To investigate the evolutionary mechanism of coal mine gas explosion, and to
   improve the level of system safety.  In this paper, a multi-factor coupled
   risk deduction model for coal mine gas explosion is constructed by using the
   system dynamics method.  The two subsystems of 'human factors' and 'material
   factors' are simulated by using Vensim software.  To obtain the evolutionary
   trend of system gas explosion risk and the risk change trend of index
   variables.  The risk level of coal mine gas explosion is predicted by
   adjusting the parameters of the index variables, and the influence of
   various coupled factors on the development trend of the risk level is
   analyzed.  Through the application of the model, the results reveal that the
   model has certain applicability and feasibility.  The risk values of system
   variables have a certain degree of hysteresis and cumulativeness in their
   impact on other variables and the system risk level, and the 'emergence' and
   'mutation' phenomena of accident evolution.
DE gas explosion; coupling risk; cloud model; system dynamics; deduction model;
   evolutionary mechanism

---

UT 170
AR Jetha A, 2015, J PUBLIC HEALTH RES, V4, DOI 10.4081/jphr.2015.553
TI A stakeholder-based system dynamics model of return-to-work: a research
   protocol
AU Jetha A; Pransky G; Fish J; Jeffries S; Hettinger LJ
TC 7
SO J PUBLIC HEAL RES
PY 2015
AB Background.  Returning to work following a job-related injury or illness can
   be a complex process, influenced by a range of interrelated personal,
   psychosocial, and organizational components.  System dynamics modelling
   (SDM) takes a sociotechnical systems perspective to view return-to-work
   (RTW) as a system made up of multiple feedback relationships between
   influential components.  Design and Methods.  To build the RTW SDM, a mixed-
   method approach will be used.  The first stage, that has already been
   completed, involved creating a baseline model using key informant
   interviews.  Second, in two manufacturing companies, stakeholder-based
   models will be developed through interviews and focus groups with senior
   management, frontline workers, and frontline supervisors.  Participants will
   be asked about the RTW process in general and more targeted questions
   regarding influential components.  Participants will also be led through a
   reference mode exercise where they will be asked to estimate the direction,
   shape and magnitude of relationships between influential components.  Data
   will be entered into the software program Vensim that provides a platform
   for visualizing system-structure and simulating the effects of adapting
   components.  Finally, preliminary model validity testing will be conducted
   to provide insights on model generalizability and sensitivity.  Expected
   Impact of the study for Public Health.  The proposed methodology will create
   a SDM of the RTW process using feedback relationships of influential
   components.  It will also provide an important simulation tool to understand
   system behaviour that underlies complex RTW cases, and examine anticipated
   and unanticipated consequences of disability management policies.
DE system dynamics modeling methodology; sociotechnical systems thinking;
   return-to-work; work disability; complexity
ID management

---

UT 171
AR Yu WY, 2018, PATIENT PREFER ADHERENCE, V12, P207, DOI 10.2147/PPA.S155603
TI Research of an emergency medical system for mass casualty incidents in
   Shanghai, China: a system dynamics model
AU Yu WY; Lv YP; Hu CQ; Liu X; Chen HP; Xue C; Zhang LL
TC 15
SO PATIENT PREFER ADHERENCE
PY 2018
AB Objectives: Emergency medical system for mass casualty incidents (EMS-MCIs)
   is a global issue.  However, China lacks such studies extremely, which
   cannot meet the requirement of rapid decision-support system.  This study
   aims to realize modeling EMS-MCIs in Shanghai, to improve mass casualty
   incident (MCI) rescue efficiency in China, and to provide a possible method
   of making rapid rescue decisions during MCIs.  Methods: This study
   established a system dynamics (SD) model of EMS-MCIs using the Vensim DSS
   program.  Intervention scenarios were designed as adjusting scales of MCIs,
   allocation of ambulances, allocation of emergency medical staff, and
   efficiency of organization and command.  Results: Mortality increased with
   the increasing scale of MCIs, medical rescue capability of hospitals was
   relatively good, but the efficiency of organization and command was poor,
   and the prehospital time was too long.  Mortality declined significantly
   when increasing ambulances and improving the efficiency of organization and
   command; triage and on-site first-aid time were shortened if increasing the
   availability of emergency medical staff.  The effect was the most evident
   when 2,000 people were involved in MCIs; however, the influence was very
   small under the scale of 5,000 people.  Conclusion: The keys to decrease the
   mortality of MCIs were shortening the prehospital time and improving the
   efficiency of organization and command.  For small-scale MCIs, improving the
   utilization rate of health resources was important in decreasing the
   mortality.  For large-scale MCIs, increasing the number of ambulances and
   emergency medical professionals was the core to decrease prehospital time
   and mortality.  For super-large-scale MCIs, increasing health resources was
   the premise.
DE system dynamics model; emergency medical system; mass casualty incidents
ID preparedness; events

---

UT 172
AR Li LH, 2023, BUILDINGS-BASEL, V13, DOI 10.3390/buildings13123117
TI Simulation of Carbon Emission Reduction in Power Construction Projects Using
   System Dynamics: A Chinese Empirical Study
AU Li LH; Shi J; Liu H; Zhang RY; Guo CB
TC 5
SO BUILD
PY 2023
AB Power construction projects (PCPs) consume a large amount of energy and
   contribute significantly to carbon emissions.  There is relatively little
   research on carbon emission reduction in PCPs, especially in predicting
   carbon emission reduction from a dynamic perspective.  After identifying the
   influencing factors that promote the carbon emission reduction effect of
   PCPs, this study adopted a dynamic analysis method to elucidate the
   relationship between the variables.  A quantitative carbon emission
   reduction system for PCPs with 51 variables was established using the system
   dynamics model, and the system simulation was performed using Vensim PLE
   software.  Finally, a sensitivity analysis was conducted on four key
   factors: R&D investment, the prefabricated construction level, the scale of
   using energy-saving material, and the energy efficiency of transmission
   equipment.  The results show that: (1) The reduction in carbon emissions
   from PCPs continues to increase.  (2) R&D investment is the most significant
   factor for improving the carbon emission reduction in PCPs.  (3) The value
   of the above four influencing factors should be increased within a
   reasonable range so that the four factors can work better to promote the
   carbon emission reduction effect of PCPs.  This paper creatively proposes a
   dynamic prediction model for carbon emission reduction in the PCP, and the
   research results provide the scientific basis for government supervision and
   enterprise decision-making.
DE carbon emission reduction; power construction project; system dynamics;
   simulation; sensitivity analysis
ID life-cycle assessment; energy-consumption; model; cost

---

UT 173
AR Martin-Méndez A, 2026, J NAT CONSERV, V89, DOI 10.1016/j.jnc.2025.127130
TI Management strategies for ungulate overpopulation in closed ecosystems: A
   system dynamics approach to Cabañeros National Park (Spain)
AU Martin-Méndez A; Campuzano-Bolarin F
TC 0
SO J NAT CONSERV
PY 2026
AB Overabundant ungulate populations in predator-free protected areas always
   lead to vegetation loss, soil degradation, and disease outbreaks.  This
   study evaluates alternative management strategies for Cabaneros National
   Park (Spain) following the 2020 hunting ban.  Since then, the number of red
   deer (Cervus elaphus) and wild boar (Sus scrofa) has increased
   uncontrollably, causing rapid vegetation loss, soil erosion, and the
   emergence of density-dependent diseases.  To conduct this study, a systems
   dynamics simulation model was developed that integrates ungulate demography,
   vegetation biomass, and soil quality over a 15-year period (2015-2030).
   Three scenarios were tested: (i) continued no intervention, (ii)
   introduction of 10 wolves (Canis lupus signatus) in 2025, and (iii)
   reinstatement of selective hunting with an annual culling of 15%. Model
   calibration used monitoring data and literature-based parameter estimates,
   with sensitivity analyses used to identify key drivers.  As a result,
   ungulate biomass is projected to double by 2030, vegetation cover will
   decline below ecological thresholds, and soil organic matter will decline
   irreversibly.  Wolf introduction slows population growth but does not allow
   vegetation recovery within five years.  Selective hunting stabilizes
   ungulate numbers, restores vegetation above the threshold, and halves
   projected soil loss.  Sensitivity analyses highlight ungulate birth rates
   and hunting rates as the most influential parameters.  In conclusion, the
   model indicates that, under current conditions, regulated hunting is the
   only proven single-lever policy capable of achieving short-term ecological
   recovery.  The findings provide an evidence-based framework for decision-
   makers, emphasizing the need for timely intervention to prevent irreversible
   ecosystem degradation in Mediterranean protected areas.
DE deer; wild boar; wolf; caba  and  ntilde; eros; system dynamics; modeling;
   vensim

---

UT 174
AR Ribeiro CLC, 2022, WATER SUPPLY, V22, P5494, DOI 10.2166/ws.2022.184
TI Simulations of the climate change and its effect on water resources in the
   Palma River basin, Brazil
AU Ribeiro CLC; Diotto AV; Thebaldi MS; Rodrigues JAM; Viola MR
TC 2
SO WATER SUPPLY
PY 2022
AB Anthropic and natural factors can affect the water availability in a basin,
   making necessary the use of tools that allow the simulation of future
   scenarios.  Considering that future climate change can affect water
   resources, the objective of this study was to evaluate the sustainability of
   the Palma River basin, located in the Tocantins state, Brazil, throughout
   the century, under scenarios of climate change and increase in irrigated
   area.  Future runoff was simulated using the SWAT model, considering the
   Eta/HadGEM2-ES and Eta/MIROC5 climate models and the RCPs 4.5 and 8.5
   emission scenarios.  The crop irrigation requirement was simulated using the
   AquaCrop model.  A model was created in STELLA software, where the water
   supply and demand data in the basin were entered, and the sustainability
   index (SI) was calculated, whose results were statistically analysed through
   trend and correlation tests.  HadGEM 8.5 was the most unsustainable
   scenario.  MIROC 4.5 and MIROC 8.5 scenarios showed higher growth of
   unsustainable months over time.  A trend of decreasing SI and increasing
   unsustainable months was observed in most scenarios.  The results found can
   assist in the decision-making of water resource managers, to promote the
   mitigation of climate change effects in the basin.
DE aquacrop; hydrological modeling; stella; swat; system dynamics; water
   resources management
ID model

---

UT 175
AR Wang YF/1, 2018, PROCESS SAF ENV PROT, V114, P271, DOI
   10.1016/j.psep.2018.01.002
TI Probability prediction and cost benefit analysis based on system dynamics
AU Wang YF/1; Li BA; Qin T; Zhang B
TC 20
SO PROCESS SAF ENV PROT
PY 2018
AB It is known that optimizing the investments on safety to reduce
   probabilities of blowout fire is very challenging due to the complexity of
   operational systems which involve varieties of potential contributors and
   ranges of safety measures.  In this paper, a new method to evaluate blowout
   fire prevention and control measures is proposed in a cost effective manner.
   Firstly, a dynamic probability prediction model for blowout fire is proposed
   through the system dynamics (SD) method.  The dynamic probability of blowout
   fire on offshore drilling platform is predicted according to the proposed
   model.  Secondly, cost-benefit analysis of the corresponding safety measures
   is carried out using SD simulation via Vensim software.  Thirdly, a case
   study of blowout fire probability prediction and the cost-benefit analysis
   of safety investments are demonstrated for some offshore drilling platform.
   The simulation results show that the predicted probability of blowout fire
   on offshore drilling platform increases from 2.41E-6 to 3.997E-6. The
   probability prediction formula of blowout fire is nonlinear fitted to obtain
   the intrinsic relationship between the probability of blowout fire and time.
   The case study shows that the built cost-benefit analysis model can be used
   to optimize the allocation of safety investments.  (C) 2018 Institution of
   Chemical Engineers.  Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
DE dynamic probability prediction; blowout fire; system dynamics; cost-benefit
   analysis; safety investment allocation; blowout fire of offshore drilling
   platform
ID safety performance; investment; allocation; projects

---

UT 176
AR Yang XX/1, 2026, ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV, V93, DOI 10.1016/j.esd.2026.101984
TI Research on the evolutionary development mechanism of renewable energy-coal
   coupling system: A system dynamics approach
AU Yang XX/1; Li XC
TC 0
SO ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2026
AB Under the "Dual Carbon" targets, resource-rich regions face the dual
   challenges of renewable energy integration and environmental pollution
   control, while the evolution of renewable energy (RE) and coal coupled
   systems brings transformative pressures to traditional coal mining and power
   generation sectors.  This study constructs an integrated RE-coal coupled
   system by deeply synergizing regional renewable and coal resources across
   industrial chains.  Employing system dynamics theory, we elucidate cross-
   sector interaction mechanisms and feedback loops, develop a dynamic model
   simulated via Vensim, and quantitatively assess its economic benefits.  The
   findings indicate that the green hydrogen-anchored coupling system exhibits
   both economic viability with an annual profit of 10 billion CNY and
   technical feasibility with a carbon dioxide reduction of 1.36 million tons.
   By leveraging the regional advantages of low-cost renewable energy and
   abundant coal resources, this model decouples economic growth from carbon
   emissions, providing an implementable pathway for renewable energy and coal-
   rich regions to fulfill their 2030 carbon peak commitments.
DE renewable energy and coal coupling system; renewable energy integration;
   carbon emission reduction; system dynamics
ID hydrogen

---

UT 177
AR Xing Q, 2025, PHARMACOL, V16, DOI 10.3389/fphar.2025.1474856
TI Drivers of innovation value: simulation for new drug pricing evaluation
   based on system dynamics modelling
AU Xing Q; Cheng WD; Wang W; Jin CL; Wang HY/2
TC 2
SO PHARMACOL
PY 2025
AB Objectives Paying for the innovative value of drugs is an important means of
   mitigating healthcare system duplication and enhancing patient health.
   Assessing and exploiting the factors influencing innovation premium to
   forecast trends and shortcomings within the pharmaceutical innovation
   ecosystem.Methods Utilizing system dynamics, this research constructs a
   decision evaluation system for new drug pricing in Japan.  It integrates
   various decision-making factors across dimensions such as value premium,
   marketability premium, pediatric premium, and SAKIGAKE premium, employing
   Vensim PLE software for simulation purposes.Results Under the current policy
   framework, pharmaceutical innovation is on the rise, with significant policy
   effects observable after 5 years.  The most substantial growth in value
   occurs in medications for rare diseases and niche markets, with effects
   varying in the short to medium term and stabilizing over the long term.
   Sensitivity analysis highlights that factors like combination therapies,
   faster mechanisms of action, and novel therapeutic parts notably influence
   the value dimension.  Other significant factors include obtaining national
   certifications, addressing indications lacking standard treatments, and
   demonstrating superior efficacy.  The study also identifies underexploited
   opportunities related to the use of evidence in pricing decisions.Conclusion
   Clinical outcomes are pivotal in shaping drug pricing, influencing both
   patient and healthcare provider preferences, and thereby affecting market
   uptake and competitive dynamics.  Regulatory frameworks that prioritize
   unmet medical needs or superior drug efficacy are essential.  Future
   enhancements to the model should incorporate more real-world evidence and
   expand regulatory considerations to better reflect the dynamic nature of the
   healthcare sector and support equitable, outcome-based drug pricing.
DE system dynamics; drug prices; innovation premium; value-based pricing;
   pricing evaluation
ID policy analysis; health; japan

---

UT 178
AR Nezamkhiavy K, 2025, ISH J HYDRAUL ENG, V31, P344, DOI
   10.1080/09715010.2025.2467687
TI Developing a simulation-optimization model for eutrophication management
   using system dynamics approach: a case study of Karkheh Dam reservoir
AU Nezamkhiavy K; Safarzadeh A; Masoumi F
TC 0
SO ISH J HYDRAUL ENG
PY 2025
AB This research developed a sophisticated simulation-optimization model using
   a system dynamics (SD) approach integrated with MATLAB Simulink, targeting
   eutrophication management in dam reservoirs.  Eutrophication, marked by
   overgrowth of algae due to nutrient excess, is a significant threat to water
   quality in these systems, with the Karkheh Dam reservoir in Iran serving as
   the focal case study.  To capture the dynamics of eutrophication, the
   reservoir was divided into three vertical layers, facilitating a nuanced
   analysis of thermal stratification's effects on nutrient and dissolved
   oxygen distribution.  Mathematical relationships pertinent to key
   eutrophication indicators-phosphorus, nitrogen, and dissolved oxygen
   concentrations-were meticulously developed for each layer, culminating in a
   comprehensive SD model.  The model's outputs were compared against two
   established frameworks, Vensim and CE-QUAL-W2, over one year, employing
   statistical metrics such as Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) and correlation
   coefficients to assess accuracy.  The Simulink model demonstrated superior
   predictive performance, particularly regarding chlorophyll-a and dissolved
   oxygen levels.  Further, integrating a genetic algorithm (GA) with the SD
   model led to a GA-Simulink model, optimizing water release strategies over
   15 years.  This model operated 29 times faster than GA-CE-QUAL-W2,
   underscoring its effectiveness for efficient environmental management in
   reservoir systems.
DE eutrophication; system dynamics; simulation-optimization; matlab simulink;
   ce-qual-w2
ID water-quality; operation

---

UT 179
AR Khan S, 2009, ENVIRON MODELL SOFTW, V24, P1363, DOI
   10.1016/j.envsoft.2007.06.006
TI Analysing complex behaviour of hydrological systems through a system
   dynamics approach
AU Khan S; Ahmad A
TC 84
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2009
AB The interaction among various water cycle components consists of complex,
   non-linear, and bidirectional (interdependent) biophysical processes which
   can be interpreted using feedback loops in a system dynamics (SD)
   environment.  This paper demonstrates application of an SD approach with two
   case studies using a specialised software tool, Vensim.  The first case
   study simulates water balance in a rice field system on a daily basis under
   aerobic conditions with provision of supplemental irrigation on demand.  A
   physically based conceptual water balance model was developed and then
   implemented using Vensim to simulate the processes that occur in the field
   water balance system including percolation, surface runoff, actual
   evapotranspiration, and capillary rise.  The second case study simulates
   surface-groundwater dynamic interactions in an irrigation area where river
   water and groundwater are two key sources of irrigation.  The modelled
   system encompasses dynamically linked processes including seepage from the
   river, evaporation from a shallow watertable, groundwater storage, and
   lateral flow from upland to lowland areas.  The model can be applied to
   simulate responses of different irrigation management scenarios, to develop
   strategies to improve water use efficiency and control watertable, to
   prevent salinization in upland, and to reduce the cost of groundwater
   abstraction in lowland areas.  The discussed applications of the SD approach
   conclude that it helps to conceptualize and simulate complex and dynamic
   water system processes deterministically which are otherwise partly
   simulated by conventional hydrologic and stochastic modelling approaches.
   It is recognised that conceptualization and implementation phases of this
   approach are challenging, however, the latter is greatly assisted by modern
   computer softwares.  (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved,
DE system dynamics; causal loop diagrams; dynamic simulation; irrigation;
   salinity; soil water balance; groundwater; surface-groundwater interaction;
   aerobic rice; china; vensim
ID bayesian network; model; real; sustainability; validation; management;
   issues

---

UT 180
AR Zhang HF, 2022, PROCESS, V10, DOI 10.3390/pr10050981
TI Analysis of Grid Response Strategies for the Safety Behavior Risk Events of
   Transportation System Based on System Dynamics-"the Assistant Watchman Does
   Not Appear as Required"
AU Zhang HF; Qi CM; Ma MY
TC 1
SO PROCESS
PY 2022
AB Employees are the most important and dynamic elements in the railway
   transportation system.  How to achieve accurate control of inertial
   violation of "key person, key matter, key period", and formulate more
   personalized risk response strategy is a thorny problem that faced by safety
   managers.  The existing risk response usually takes control measures from
   the perspective of the system as a whole, ignoring the heterogeneity of
   risk, and the selection of response strategies only considers the target
   risks to be dealt with, ignoring the secondary risks that may occur in the
   process of risk response, or the residual risks formed by changing the
   existing risk, coupled with the lack of quantitative evaluation of risk
   response effect, resulting in poor risk response effect.  By introducing the
   grid theory and taking the risk event of "the assistant watchman does not
   appear as required" at Huangyangcheng station of Shenshuo Railway as an
   example, this study constructs a grid response model of the assistant
   watchman risk events based on system dynamics.  Through the grid division,
   the model accurately locates and classifies the assistant watchman on duty.
   Then, during the system dynamics simulation process, the hazard factor is
   regarded as a bridge, and the traditional virtual boundary of system
   simulation is transformed into accurate grid definition.  By improving the
   response strategy of safety behavior risk event of the assistant watchman on
   duty in cell grid and using Vensim-PLE software for personalized simulation,
   the intervention of "the assistant watchman does not appear as required"
   risk event is transformed from qualitative analysis to dynamic quantitative
   mathematical model, so as to realize the personalized response simulation
   analysis of employees in the grid.
DE railway transportation system; grid theory; system dynamics; risk response;
   hazard factors
ID construction workers; evolutionary game; fuzzy topsis; communication;
   performance; perception; model; anp; optimization; management

---

UT 181
AR Lugo-Niebla JR, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13110936
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Multicriteria Analysis Methods for Selecting
   Scenarios in a Harness Assembling Plant
AU Lugo-Niebla JR; Lagarda-Leyva EA; Acosta-Quintana MPG; Portugal-Vásquez J;
   Naranjo-Flores AA; Bueno-Solano A
TC 0
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB The global automotive industry faces significant challenges with respect to
   its supply chain, particularly component scarcity and the increasing
   complexity of modern vehicles, which have severely impacted the production
   of high-tech harnesses.  This study addresses the issues faced by a leading
   automotive harness manufacturing company in Ciudad Obreg & oacute;n, Mexico
   (an international company that requested confidentiality), which has
   suffered considerable economic losses (over USD 2870) and production
   downtime due to component scarcity and delivery delays in component
   deliveries, affecting "Crew Grande" harness production.  This proposal aims
   to develop a technological solution with a graphical interface to support
   decision-making in the face of this scarcity.  The methodology employed
   system dynamics to model the supply chain's complexity, using software such
   as Stella (R) Architect for Forrester diagrams and equations and Vensim (R)
   PLE for causal diagrams.  The model was validated with a relative error,
   confirming its reliability.  Multicriteria decision-making (MCDM) was
   performed using the Technique for Order of Preference by Similarity to Ideal
   Solution (TOPSIS) and Faire Un Choix Adequate (FUCA) methods to evaluate 15
   scenarios (normal, pessimistic, and optimistic), identifying the four most
   favorable scenarios for optimizing operational performance.  The results
   demonstrate these solutions' potential to mitigate losses, improve
   operational efficiency, and strengthen the company's position against market
   and demand fluctuations, especially for its main client, Ford Motor Company,
   using a graphical user interface (GUI) to support analysis and decision-
   making.
DE system dynamics; harness manufacturing supply chain; multicriteria analysis
   method; quantitative scenario planning

---

UT 182
AR Ciplak N, 2012, WASTE MANAGE RES, V30, P576, DOI 10.1177/0734242X12443405
TI A system dynamics approach for healthcare waste management: a case study in
   Istanbul Metropolitan City, Turkey
AU Ciplak N; Barton JR
TC 34
SO WASTE MANAG RES
PY 2012
AB Healthcare waste consists of various types of waste materials generated at
   hospitals, medical research centres, clinics and laboratories.  Although
   75-90% of this waste is classified as 'domestic' in nature, 20-25% is deemed
   to be hazardous, which if not disposed of appropriately, poses a risk to
   healthcare workers, patients, the environment and even the whole community.
   As long as healthcare waste is mixed with municipal waste and not segregated
   prior to disposal, costs will increase substantially.  In this study,
   healthcare waste increases along with the potential to decrease the amounts
   by implementing effective segregation at healthcare facilities are projected
   to 2040. Our long-term aim is to develop a system to support selection and
   planning of the future treatment capacity.  Istanbul in Turkey was used as
   the case study area.  In order to identify the factors affecting healthcare
   waste generation in Istanbul, observations were made and interviews
   conducted in Istanbul over a 3 month period.  A system dynamics approach was
   adopted to build a healthcare waste management model using a software
   package, Vensim Ple Plus.  Based on reported analysis, the non-hazardous
   municipal fraction co-disposed with healthcare waste is around 65%. Using
   the projected waste generation flows, reducing a municipal fraction to 30%
   has the potential to avoid some 8000 t year(-1) of healthcare waste by 2025
   and almost 10 000 t year(-1) by 2035. Furthermore, if segregation practices
   ensured healthcare waste requiring incineration was also selectively
   managed, 77% of healthcare waste could be diverted to alternative treatment
   technologies.  As the throughput capacity of the only existing healthcare
   waste treatment facility in Istanbul, Kemerburgaz Incinerator, has already
   been exceeded, it is evident that improved management could not only reduce
   overall flows and costs but also permit alternative and cheaper treatment
   systems (e.g.  autoclaving) to be adopted for the healthcare waste.
DE health-care waste; municipal waste; segregation; system dynamics modeling;
   treatment capacity
ID medical waste; disposal

---

UT 183
AR Guo ZX, 2024, J TECHNOL TRANSFER, V49, P660, DOI 10.1007/s10961-022-09989-z
TI Identifying the implementation effect of technology transfer policy using
   system dynamics: a case study in Liaoning, China
AU Guo ZX; Shen JR; Li LH
TC 10
SO J TECHNOL TRANSF
PY 2024
AB Given that technology transfer provides an important boost for promoting
   national economic development, technology transfer policy (TTP) has
   attracted more and more attention from academia and industry.  The
   government issued many policies.  However, the implementation effect of TTP
   still needs to be clarified.  This study is carried out from the progressive
   level of "text content-influence path-implementation effect.'' It aims to
   adopt a systematic analysis method to analyze policy tools and policy
   implementation stages, then builds a conceptual framework of the influence
   path of TTP. Then the relationship between variables in the qualitative
   model was clarified, and the system dynamics (SD) model was used to build a
   quantitative model with four feedback loops.  Finally, taking Liaoning,
   China as an example, the system simulation and sensitivity analysis of the
   main parameters are implemented in Vensim PLE. Different policy tools have
   different roles in the TTP impact stages of research, transfer, and
   industrialization.  Based on the data of 2013-1019, the SD model constructed
   in this paper can be used to predict the implementation effect of TTP during
   2020-2015. Simulation and sensitivity analysis results provide practical
   enlightenment for government departments to improve the implementation
   effect of the existing TTP. This study also provides other researchers with
   a systematic understanding for improving the implementation effect of TTP
   with a "text content-influence path-implementation effect " conduction chain
   and provides new insights for further research on TTP.
DE technology transfer policy; implementation effect; system dynamics; policy
   simulation; sensitivity analysis
ID intellectual property-rights; information-technology; innovation; impact;
   climate; efficiency; perspectives; knowledge; district; economy

---

UT 184
AR De Wit JA, 2026, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V40, DOI 10.1007/s11269-025-04393-2
TI Subsurface Irrigation in Regional Water Management: a System Dynamics
   Approach to Support Decision Making
AU De Wit JA; Van Dam JC; Heijmans THH; Van Huijgevoort MHJ; Ritsema CJ;
   Bartholomeus RP
TC 0
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2026
AB Controlled drainage with subirrigation (CDSI) using surface water
   contributes to freshwater availability by recharging, retaining and
   discharging water.  However, CDSI systems affect regional hydrological
   fluxes, which requires adequate regional planning and management.  This
   study aims to (i) investigate to what extent regional upscaling of CDSI can
   be supported in relation to surface water availability, using a system
   dynamics model (SDM) and (ii) identify how an SDM can support decision
   making of water management authorities.  An SDM was developed to simulate
   changes in hydrological fluxes and water levels resulting from CDSI
   upscaling from the local to the regional scale.  An SDM was used as it is
   able to capture key non-linear feedbacks within the water system, such as
   those between (i) surface water and groundwater, (ii) groundwater and
   unsaturated zone, (iii) regional water supply and weir management.  The
   model provides insight into changes in hydrological fluxes due to CDSI
   upscaling, without long computational times and the complexities of
   spatially distributed models.  Simulations show non-linear propagation of
   hydrological fluxes, where three phases can be identified for different
   degrees of upscaling: (i) sufficient surface water availability, (ii)
   surface water availability decreases due to subirrigation, and (iii)
   insufficient water availability due to overexploitation.  These phases are
   related to regional and local water management strategies controlled by
   water management authorities and farmers, and to geohydrological
   characteristics.  In conclusion, the SDM can support early-stage strategic
   planning on the feasibility of CDSI upscaling and facilitate discussions
   between stakeholders by efficiently visualizing and quantifying associated
   hydrological effects.
DE controlled drainage; local scale; regional scale; subirrigation; system
   dynamics modeling; vensim; water management
ID drainage; model

---

UT 185
AR Abaddi S, 2025, NAT RESOUR FORUM, V49, P1732, DOI 10.1111/1477-8947.12452
TI Modeling e-Truck adoption for sustainable transport in Jordan: A system
   dynamics approach
AU Abaddi S
TC 4
SO NAT RESOUR FORUM
PY 2025
AB This study has developed a model that predicts the quantity of CO2 emissions
   reduced and the adoption of e-Trucks until the year 2100 in Jordan.  Using
   system dynamics software (Powersim) and business intelligence tools
   (Microsoft Power BI), the most significant factors affecting three modules:
   environment, government, and customer were examined.  Twelve scenarios were
   modeled during the study (three factors and four cases for each factor). The
   factors were marketing effectiveness, environmental awareness, and
   government acquisition subsidy, and their values were (0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5),
   (0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6), and (500, 1500, 3000, 6000 Jordanian Dinar-JOD),
   respectively.  Under normal conditions, with a marketing effectiveness of
   0.2, environmental awareness of 0.3, and a subsidy of 500 JOD, the annual
   sales of e-Trucks and Conventional Fuel Trucks (CFT) will break-even in 2052
   in Jordan.  The cumulative CO2 emissions reduction at the same year will be
   6165.213 Tons.  Among the three factors, marketing effectiveness was found
   to have the highest impact followed by the environmental awareness and last
   came the acquisition subsidy.  Based on our findings, it is recommended that
   policymakers prioritize improving marketing efforts to accelerate the shift
   towards e-Trucks, raise environmental awareness among consumers, and provide
   subsidies for acquisition of e-Trucks in Jordan.  Additionally, further
   research is needed to incorporate other factors, such as ICT infrastructure,
   technology maturity and other social factors that can affect the adoption of
   e-Trucks.  The study's originality lies in its focus on e-Trucks, a
   relatively underexplored area in the sustainable transport literature,
   especially in the context of Jordan as many other emerging nations.  The
   practical implications include leading the switch to e-Trucks, identifying
   infrastructural needs, and informing legislative choices.  By analyzing
   long-term dynamics and encouraging the deployment of e-Trucks, it seeks to
   lower CO2 emissions, enhance air quality, and promote a sustainable
   transportation system in Jordan.
DE co2 emissions; e-trucks; fuel consumption; jordan; simulation; sustainable
   transport; system dynamics
ID electric vehicles; policy

---

UT 186
AR Li JC/1, 2014, FRESENIUS ENV BULL, V23, P1209
TI A SYSTEM DYNAMICS APPROACH TO A COMPREHENSIVE ASSESSMENT OF WATER
   STRATEGIES: A CASE STUDY OF NORTH CHINA
AU Li JC/1; He YY; Fan CJ
TC 14
SO FRESENIUS ENV BULL
PY 2014
AB In this study, a new approach for identifying the optimal water strategy is
   presented, for the purpose of achieving sustainable development of water
   resources, incorporating System Dynamics (SD) and the Comprehensive Benefit
   Assessment model.  A complex SD model is therefore developed using the
   Vensim PLE SD software package, which reflects interactions between water
   resources, ecology, society and the economy.  On this basis, we advance a
   Comprehensive Benefit Assessment model to give an all-around assessment of a
   chosen water resource system.  A case from North China has been studied to
   illustrate the applicability of the new approach.  The credibility and
   validity of the SD model is confirmed with datasets from the years
   2004-2011; the average simulation error is only about 2.6%. The water supply
   and demand of North China in 2030 is predicted, which foretells a huge water
   shortage.  The new approach is then employed to assess the impacts of the
   four water strategies: storage, desalinization, water saving and sewage
   treatment.  Results show that when the investments in water conservancy
   facilities reach 0.5% of the annual GDP, the maximum comprehensive benefit
   is obtained.  Developing water desalination technology has been proven not
   to be an economical measure in the short term.  The development of water-
   saving and sewage treatment technology has a positive impact on increasing
   the water supply, narrowing the margin between supply and demand, enhancing
   sewage utilization, and improving the ecological environment.  However,
   excessive investments will slow down the pace of economic development.
DE comprehensive benefit assessment; system dynamics; water prediction; water
   resources; water strategy
ID resources management; model; performance; impact; plain

---

UT 187
AR Mylonakou M, 2023, SYST, V11, DOI 10.3390/systems11030112
TI System Dynamics Analysis of the Relationship between Urban Transportation
   and Overall Citizen Satisfaction: A Case Study of Patras City, Greece
AU Mylonakou M; Chassiakos A; Karatzas S; Liappi G
TC 10
SO SYST
PY 2023
AB The main objective of this research is to evaluate how the transport sector
   affects the satisfaction of citizens.  The model developed aims both at
   assessing the satisfaction of citizens and using it as a tool to measure the
   change in citizens' satisfaction resulting from new mobility practices or
   policies.  The developed scenarios are based on the principles of
   sustainability and the action plans concern: better accessibility conditions
   for alternative means of transport; improving travel safety; reducing air
   pollution, greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption; increasing
   efficiency and effectiveness in the movement of people and goods; and
   enhancing the attractiveness and quality of the urban environment.  The
   results reveal that it is necessary for local decision makers to take
   further measures to increase the overall satisfaction of citizens with the
   aim of prosperity and happiness of citizens within their city, and the
   proposed model can support the decision-making process.  Utilizing the
   developed system dynamics model, it is possible to make simulations with new
   data and at the same time to evaluate the change they bring to the
   individual sectors and to the overall satisfaction of the citizens.
DE urban transportation; satisfaction level; sustainability; system dynamics;
   transport indicators; sumi; vensim
ID passenger transport; sustainability; indicators

---

UT 188
AR Zhu YQ, 2016, DESALIN WATER TREAT, V57, P505, DOI
   10.1080/19443994.2014.972466
TI System dynamics modeling and simulation of a coagulation-ultrafiltration
   process for the treatment of drinking water
AU Zhu YQ; Zhang XH; Zhang HW
TC 1
SO DESALIN WATER TREAT
PY 2016
AB In this work, a system dynamics (SD) model of a coagulation-ultrafiltration
   (UF) process was developed using Vensim and validated with experimental
   data.  The SD model includes the basic elements and essential structure of
   the coagulation-UF process system.  Numerical simulations were used to
   optimize the operating parameters of the SD model.  The simulation results
   demonstrated that the absorption resistance (R-a) contributed a small
   portion of the total resistance (R-t) (15%) in the basic experiment, where
   the initial permeate flux (J(0)) was 35m(3)/(m(2)h). Furthermore, the cake
   layer resistance (R-c) was the main cause of the total resistance (R-t)
   within the model.  The concentration of coagulant and the removal rate of
   membrane fouling were positively correlated when the coagulant concentration
   increased from 20 to 35mg/L. In addition, the contribution of total
   resistance to membrane fouling was obtained from the SD model.  The membrane
   fouling rate reached 22.5Pa/h after 16 backwashing cycles which corresponds
   to the predicted chemical cleaning time.  The SD model presented here can
   provide guidance in optimizing operating parameters through numerical
   simulations which eschew the need for large amounts of repeated tests.
DE system dynamics modeling; coagulation-ultrafiltration process; cake layer
   resistance; membrane fouling; drinking water treatment
ID microfiltration process; membrane; parameters; filtration; emissions;
   surface; flow

---

UT 189
AR Li XG, 2021, SYSTEMS-BASEL, V9, DOI 10.3390/systems9040087
TI The Impact of Different Internet Application Contexts on Knowledge Transfer
   between Enterprises
AU Li XG; Li XK
TC 8
SO SYST
PY 2021
AB This paper investigates the effect of different Internet application
   scenarios on the forward and reverse knowledge transfer between architecture
   enterprises and component enterprises in the context of modular production
   in manufacturing enterprises.  After dividing the Internet contexts into
   three the perspectives of Internet tools, Internet platforms, and Internet
   resources, this paper adopts a system dynamics approach to construct a
   causality model and a system flow diagram of the influence of different
   Internet contexts on the knowledge transfer between architecture enterprises
   and component enterprises, and uses Vensim PLE software to simulate and
   conduct a sensitivity analysis of the model.  The results show that the
   three Internet contexts, namely Internet tools, Internet platforms, and
   Internet resources, can promote both positive and negative knowledge
   transfer between architecture enterprises and component enterprises, and
   exhibit a steadily growing trend of promotion; Internet tools and Internet
   resources are more conducive to positive knowledge transfer from
   architecture enterprises to component enterprises, and Internet platforms
   have a stronger facilitation effect on the reverse knowledge transfer from
   the component enterprises to the architecture enterprises.  Our research
   offers useful recommendations for businesses on how to utilize various
   Internet settings to promote and assist effective knowledge transfer.
DE systems dynamics; internet application scenarios; knowledge transfer;
   architecture enterprises; component enterprises
ID system dynamics; competitive advantage; tacit knowledge; innovation;
   product; management; firms; technologies; capabilities; uncertainty

---

UT 190
AR Zeng X, 2021, IEEE ACCESS, V9, P132354, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3100130
TI Nonlinear System Simulation and Forecasting of Regional Technology
   Innovation Using System Dynamics Method
AU Zeng X; Deng LB; Zhou MR; Li WY
TC 2
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2021
AB This study analyzed complex causal feedback loops in Regional Technology
   Innovation (RTI) system and established a system dynamics (SD) model of RTI.
   Taking China Guangdong Pilot Free Trade Zone as a sample, and running the
   model in VENSIM, it shows high fitting precision and good extrapolating
   performance.  The simulation gives out the future trends of RTI, FCD, ATD
   and IPR royalties international trade of the region.  This study proposed an
   effective model of RTI, and more importantly, it points out the type,
   direction and magnitude of the effects caused by IPR policy in RTI system.
   This SD model can also be used in policy effect simulation in the future.
DE intellectual property; research and development; technological innovation;
   investment; feedback loop; patents; indexes; system analysis and design;
   nonlinear dynamical systems; regional technology innovation; system
   dynamics; computer simulation
ID intellectual property-rights; empirical-evidence; growth; fdi

---

UT 191
AR Li MN/1, 2019, INFECT DRUG RESIST, V12, P613, DOI 10.2147/IDR.S185177
TI System dynamics modeling of public health services provided by China CDC to
   control infectious and endemic diseases in China
AU Li MN/1; Yu WY; Tian W; Ge Y; Liu Y/1; Ding T; Zhang LL
TC 13
SO INFECT DRUG RESIST
PY 2019
AB Background: Infectious and endemic diseases are a serious public health
   concern worldwide, and their prevention and treatment are globally
   controversial.  This study aimed to establish an system dynamics (SD) model
   to analyze the factors influencing public health services provided by the
   Chinese Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (China CDC) to implement
   infectious and endemic disease control in China, by establishing more
   effective interventions to provide public health services and thus achieving
   the goal of controlling infectious and endemic diseases.  Materials and
   methods: An SD model was constructed using the Vensim DSS program.
   Intervention experiments were performed using the SD model, which reflected
   the influences on disease control by adjusting the governmental investment
   and compensation level for public health products.  Results: The
   experimental results showed that increasing the governmental investment in
   China CDC and compensation level for public health products will
   significantly increase the public health product rate provided by China CDC.
   Discussion: Problems with infectious and endemic disease prevention and
   treatment are the result of the system's incomplete functioning and limited
   health resources.  To address the current problems and improve the system,
   the government should increase its investment in the public health service
   system and improve the compensation system to ensure smooth implementation
   of infectious and endemic disease prevention and treatment and, ultimately,
   improve public health in China.
DE epidemic model; transmission; spread; epidemiology; public-health; system
   dynamics; disease management
ID hiv prevention; antiretroviral treatment; cost-effectiveness; inject drugs;
   hepatitis-c; epidemics; interventions; tuberculosis; simulation; lessons

---

UT 192
AR Chen YC, 2025, ENERGIES, V18, DOI 10.3390/en18040878
TI Shale Gas Transition in China: Evidence Based on System Dynamics Model for
   Production Prediction
AU Chen YC; Zhang Y/2
TC 2
SO ENERGIES
PY 2025
AB As a clean energy source, shale gas plays a crucial role in mitigating the
   supply-demand imbalance of natural gas and in facilitating the transition to
   a low-carbon economy.  This study employs a system dynamics model to
   forecast future production trends in shale gas in China, analyze its
   implications for the natural gas supply-demand structure, and explore
   pathways for sustainable development.  Firstly, by integrating the
   characteristics of China's shale gas resources, market dynamics, and policy
   frameworks, the key factors influencing production are identified, and their
   interrelationships are systematically analyzed.  Subsequently, a causal loop
   diagram is constructed using the VENSIM software(VENSIM PLE 9.3.5 x64), a
   set of representative variables is selected, and the logical relationships
   among these variables are established through a multivariate statistical
   analysis, culminating in the development of a production forecasting model
   for China's shale gas (stock and flow diagram). Finally, based on parameter
   assumptions, this study predicts the production trends in shale gas in China
   under multiple scenarios.  The forecasting results reveal that China's shale
   gas production is expected to grow at an average annual rate of 3.32% to
   8.02%, with production under the reference scenario projected to reach
   724.22 x 108 m3 by 2040. However, the growth of shale gas production over
   the next two decades remains limited, accounting for a maximum of 12.07% of
   the total natural gas consumption, underscoring its transitional role in the
   low-carbon transformation.  To address these challenges, this study proposes
   four policy recommendations: (1) prioritize the development of shallow,
   high-quality gas-bearing blocks while gradually transitioning to deeper
   formations; (2) intensify technological innovation in deep shale gas
   extraction to enhance recovery rates and mitigate production decline rates;
   (3) implement flexible production subsidies and moderately increase natural
   gas sales prices to incentivize production and optimize resource allocation;
   and (4) strengthen ecological conservation and improve water resource
   management to ensure the sustainable development of shale gas.
DE china shale gas; production prediction; system dynamics; energy low-carbon
   transformation
ID natural-gas

---

UT 193
AR Shaker F, 2024, J MODEL MANAG, V19, P1827, DOI 10.1108/JM2-07-2023-0136
TI Simulating the corrective actions affecting system availability: a system
   dynamics approach
AU Shaker F; Shahin A; Jahanyan S
TC 1
SO J MODEL MANAG
PY 2024
AB PurposeThis paper aims to simulate vital corrective actions (CAs) affecting
   system availability through a system dynamics approach based on the results
   obtained by analyzing the causal relationships among failure modes and
   effects analysis elements.Design/methodology/approachA stock and flow
   diagram has been developed to simulate system behaviors during a timeframe.
   Some improvement scenarios regarding the most necessary CAs according to
   their strategic priority and the possibility of eliminating root causes of
   critical failure modes in a roller-transmission system have been simulated
   and analyzed to choose the most effective one(s) for the system
   availability.  The proposed approach has been examined in a steel-
   manufacturing company.FindingsResults indicated the most effective CAs to
   remove or diminish critical failure causes that led to the less reliability
   of the system.  It illustrated the impacts of the selected CAs on
   eliminating or decreasing root causes of the critical failure modes,
   lessening the system's failure rate and increasing the system availability
   more effectively.Research limitations/implicationsResults allow managers and
   decision-makers to consider different maintenance scenarios without wasting
   time and more cost, choosing the most appropriate option according to system
   conditions.Originality/valueThis study innovation would be the dynamic
   analysis of interactions among failure modes, effects and causes over time
   to predict the system behavior and improve availability by choosing the most
   effective CAs through improvement scenario simulation via VENSIM software.
DE system dynamics; stock-and-flow diagram; failure modes and effects analysis;
   availability; mean time between failures; mean time to repair
ID maintenance; performance; reliability; entropy

---

UT 194
AR Kurniawan M, 2025, JORDAN J MECH IND ENG, V19, DOI 10.59038/jjmie/190407
TI Halal Supply Chain Traceability and Food Safety Model Based on Blockchain
   Technology and the Internet of Things Using a System Dynamics Approach
AU Kurniawan M; Suparno S; Vanany I
TC 0
SO JORDAN J MECH IND ENG
PY 2025
AB This study aims to develop a system dynamics model for halal supply chain
   traceability and food safety based on Blockchain and Internet of Things
   (IoT) technology.  This approach addresses the lack of transparency,
   efficiency, and trust in the food supply chain.  The model is constructed
   using primary and secondary data (primarily from Indonesia to facilitate the
   simulation process), simulated using Vensim PLE, and validated through
   behavioral, structural, extreme, and parameter tests.  This study developed
   three scenarios: increased growth efficiency, increased investment, and
   increased farmer storage capacity.  During the simulation period, blockchain
   and IoT implementation increased food availability for consumption by 5% and
   reduced fresh food inventory losses by 3%. The scenario of increasing farmer
   storage capacity showed a 10% increase in food availability and reduced
   fresh food inventory losses by 4% compared to the initial model.  Thus, the
   proposed approach helps maximize food availability and reduce fresh food
   inventory losses more optimally.
DE traceability; halal supply chain; food safety; blockchain; internet of
   things; system dynamics

---

UT 195
AR Szarka N, 2018, WASTE MANAG RES, V36, P332, DOI 10.1177/0734242X18757626
TI A systems dynamics approach for supporting regional decisions on the
   energetic use of regional biomass residues
AU Szarka N; Wolfbauer J; Bezama A
TC 5
SO WASTE MANAG RES
PY 2018
AB This article presents the definition, building, calibration and application
   of a system dynamics simulation model to quantify the present and future
   comparative advantages and disadvantages of using forest and agricultural
   residual biomass for energetic purpose through different processes and
   technologies, on a regional basis.  A dynamic structure of the agricultural
   and forestry biomass process activities (i.e.  production, transport,
   conversion and consumption) based on regional time-series data was built,
   implemented into and calibrated within a dynamic simulation tool (Vensim
   software) within a Hungarian county.  Besides the agriculture and forestry
   sectors, the model includes data about demography, economy, environment and
   land use, among others.  For carrying out the assessment, realistic
   scenarios of future biomass processes and of biomass use were formulated,
   characterised by quantitative sustainable development indicators and
   simulated within the dynamic model.  The results prove that the introduced
   model supports decision making of biomass utilisation in a regional scale,
   through comparing and analysing quantitative changes of economic, social and
   environment indicators, which characterise a sustainable regional
   development.  The model therefore allows analyses and evaluation of not only
   partial prosperous or adverse characteristics of biomass processes and use,
   but also to relate regional components and their development over time.  The
   developed dynamic tool is therefore a powerful method to model complex
   systems, such as a regional energy system, considering the framework of the
   regional preferences stated by the regional stakeholders.  It can thus
   provide useful decision support, especially when used as a priority-based
   screening of potential regional development programmes in the energy field.
DE biomass residues; waste-to-energy; regional analysis; system dynamics;
   energy system modeling; scenario analysis
ID waste management; mitigation; bioenergy

---

UT 196
AR Ding ZK, 2018, J CLEAN PROD, V176, P676, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2017.12.101
TI A system dynamics-based environmental benefit assessment model of
   construction waste reduction management at the design and construction
   stages
AU Ding ZK; Zhu ML; Tam VWY/1; Yi GZ; Tran CNN
TC 178
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2018
AB Construction waste generation and its environmental impact reduction have
   become an urgent issue to be solved with the acceleration of urbanization
   process in China.  However, limited research has been conducted to cover
   both the design stage and the construction stage such that the overall
   construction waste reduction outcome could be comprehensively assessed.
   Based on interview data and literature review, Vensim software was used to
   build a two-stage environmental benefit assessment system dynamics (SD)
   model which covered construction waste reduction management subsystem, waste
   generation and disposal subsystem, and environmental benefit assessment
   subsystem.  Simulation results highlight that the reduction management can
   reduce 40.63% of waste generation.  In the meantime, the reduction
   management achieves good environmental benefits including the reduction of
   greenhouse-gas emissions of 12,623.30 kg, saving waste landfill of 3901.05
   m(3) and reducing the use of public vacant site for the illegal dumping of
   688.42 m(3). The simulation results demonstrate that the dynamic model could
   assess the environmental benefits of construction waste reduction
   effectively at the design and the construction stage.  This research can
   provide insight to the design and construction professionals for waste
   reduction measures such as prefabricated components application, reduced
   design modification at the design stage, on-site sorting and material reuse
   at the construction stage, and to provide references for governments in
   assessing the reduction management outcomes of construction projects and the
   environmental benefits.  (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE design and construction stage; construction waste minimization;
   environmental benefits; system dynamics
ID demolition waste; prefabrication; minimization; simulation; shenzhen;
   behavior; impact

---

UT 197
AR Ma MX, 2023, J BUILD ENG, V75, DOI 10.1016/j.jobe.2023.107050
TI A system dynamics model for assessing impacts of policies on supply and
   demand of recycled aggregate
AU Ma MX; Tam VWY/1; Le KN; Osei-Kyei R
TC 10
SO J BUILD ENG
PY 2023
AB It has become urgent for virgin aggregate to be replaced with recycled
   aggregate, because acquiring virgin aggregate involves considerable amount
   of energy and carbon dioxide emissions.  In recent decades, governments
   worldwide have formulated policies to develop the market for recycled
   aggregate, while introduction of these policies could cause uncertainties in
   its supply and demand, potentially hindering its market acceptance.  This
   study develops a system dynamics model to assess impacts of five policies
   (i.e., enhanced supervision on illegal dumping, landfill charge, subsidies
   for recycling activities, development of recycling centers, and restriction
   on mining) on the supply and demand of recycled aggregate.  The model is
   described through Vensim PLE software, and Chongqing, China is selected as a
   case study.  Single policies, including enhanced supervision, development of
   recycling centers and landfill charge are observed to have limited impacts
   on supply and demand of recycled aggregate.  When the subsidy equals to 50
   yuan/ton (or US $7.41/ton), the subsidy policy could suppress the increase
   in illegal dumping percentage and increase the supply of recycled aggregate.
   Restriction on mining could contribute to the growth of demand.  However,
   single policies are found to have limitations and combination of policies
   should be considered.  Impacts of three different combination policies are
   discussed in this study.  Findings of this study could contribute to
   practice of C & D waste management and present possible stimulus to use
   recycled aggregate.
DE recycled aggregate; waste recycling; supply and demand; market development;
   system dynamics model; policy instrument
ID demolition waste management; life-cycle assessment; economic-performance;
   reduction management; circular economy; construction; concrete; durability;
   simulation; sustainability

---

UT 198
AR Woo TH/1, 2012, ENERGY SOURCES A-RECOVERY UTIL ENV EFF, V34, P948, DOI
   10.1080/15567031003735311
TI A Dynamical Study for Earthquakes of Seismic Safety Assessment in Nuclear
   Power Plants (NPPs) Using the System Dynamics (SD) Method
AU Woo TH/1; Lee SH
TC 5
SO ENERGY SOURCES A-RECOVERY UTIL ENV EFF
PY 2012
AB An earthquake could be a crucial result of nuclear power plants due to the
   massive power.  It is a main point to keep the stability of the system
   without a radiation material leak from the reactor.  For the safety
   assessment, the system dynamics predict for the random sampling
   quantification of an earthquake happening due to unexpected characteristics,
   which is one of the non-linear algorithms.  The dynamical information is
   incorporated with the loop sequence of the time step procedures by the
   feedback simulations.  The plant system factor is the highest value among
   three factors including estimation and earthquake factors.  In the
   estimation factor, there is the highest value in 2012. In the earthquake
   factor, there is the highest value in 2028. The maximum value of summation
   for three factors is in the year 2030, which has the value of 20.52 times (=
   389.85/19.00) higher than the initial value and highest than any other
   value.  The tractable quantification for the safety assessment is obtained
   by a computer package.
DE earthquake; feedback; nuclear power plants; safety assessment; simulation;
   system dynamics; thermohydraulic aspect; vensim

---

UT 199
AR Mier-Valderrama L, 2024, SYST, V12, DOI 10.3390/systems12090326
TI Why Is Reducing the Dead Zone in the Gulf of Mexico Such a Complex Goal?
   Understanding the Structure That Drives Hypoxic Zone Formation via System
   Dynamics
AU Mier-Valderrama L; Ledezma J; Gibson K; Anoruo A; Turner B
TC 0
SO SYST
PY 2024
AB The Northern Gulf of Mexico hosts a severe dead zone, an oxygen-depleted
   area spanning 1,618,000 hectares, threatening over 40% of the U.S. fishing
   industry and causing annual losses of USD 82 million.  Using a System
   Dynamics (SD) approach, this study examined the Mississippi-Atchafalaya
   River Basin (MARB), a major contributor to hypoxia in the Gulf.  A dynamic
   model, developed with Vensim software version 10.2.1 andexisting data,
   represented the physical, biological, and chemical processes leading to
   eutrophication and simulated dead zone formation over time.  Various
   policies were assessed, considering natural system variability.  The
   findings showed that focusing solely on nitrogen control reduced the dead
   zone but required greater intensity or managing other inputs to meet
   environmental goals.  Runoff control policies delayed nutrient discharge but
   did not significantly alter long-term outcomes.  Extreme condition tests
   highlighted the critical role of runoff dynamics, dependent on nitrogen load
   relative to flow volume from upstream.  The model suggests interventions
   should not just reduce eutrophication inputs but enhance factors slowing
   down the process, allowing natural denitrification to override anthropogenic
   nitrification.
DE gulf of mexico; eutrophication; dead zone; watershed management; system
   dynamics
ID consequences

---

UT 200
AR Liu JK, 2020, ENVIRON SCI POLLUT R, V27, P37237, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-019-07107-5
TI An environmental assessment model of construction and demolition waste based
   on system dynamics: a case study in Guangzhou
AU Liu JK; Liu YD; Wang XT
TC 207
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2020
AB At present, China is in the rapid development stage of urbanization, and
   construction activities are becoming more frequent.  This is accompanied by
   a large amount of construction and demolition waste (C&DW), which raises
   many problems with its governance, such as occupying valuable land
   resources, causing air pollution, and consuming raw materials.  In this
   study, taking Guangzhou as an example, the system dynamics principle was
   used to establish an environmental assessment model of C&DW, and Vensim
   software was used to simulate and analyze the environmental, economic, and
   social impacts of various disposal methods of C&DW. The results showed that
   (1) among all waste disposal methods, landfill disposal had the highest
   greenhouse gas emissions.  It was estimated that the greenhouse gas
   emissions from landfill disposal will account for 75% of the total emissions
   in 2030, while the greenhouse gas emissions from recycling disposal will
   only account for 0.5%. (2) The simulation results showed that, according to
   the current data, the land area occupied by waste landfills and illegal
   dumping in 2030 will be about 4.88 million m(2), and the economic loss
   caused by land loss and global warming will account for 9.1% of Guangzhou's
   GDP in 2030, which is equivalent to the national economy of a regional city
   with a less developed economy.  (3) Enhanced supervision could significantly
   reduce the amount of illegal dumping, but its effect on landfill disposal
   and recycling would be very limited.  According to the results of the
   simulation analysis, some suggestions were put forward to improve the
   environmental, economic, and social impact of C&DW disposal in Guangzhou.
DE construction and demolition waste; environmental assessment; system
   dynamics; greenhouse gas emissions
ID life-cycle assessment; economic-impact; management; benefits; pay; csr

---

UT 201
AR Baghanam AH, 2022, SUSTAIN, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14063376
TI Policy-Making toward Integrated Water Resources Management of Zarrine River
   Basin via System Dynamics Approach under Climate Change Impact
AU Baghanam AH; Seifi AJ; Sheikhbabaei A; Hassanzadeh Y; Besharat M; Asadi E
TC 15
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB In terms of having a comprehensive vision toward supplying the water
   requirements, a multi-criteria decision-making approach was employed on the
   Zarrine River Basin (ZRB) in the northwest of Iran.  First, the climate
   change impacts were analyzed with the Long Ashton Research Station Weather
   Generator (LARS-WG) downscaling approach by using General Circulation Models
   (GCMs) including the European Consortium Earth System Model (EC-EARTH),
   Hadley Centre Global Environment Model version 2 (HADGEM2), Model for
   Interdisciplinary Research on Climate, version 5 (MIROC5), and Max Planck
   Institute Earth System Model (MPI-ESM), from Coupled Model Intercomparison
   Project 5 (CMIP5) under Representative Concentration Pathway (RCP4.5,
   RCP8.5) scenarios for 2021-2080. Afterward, the downscaled variables were
   utilized as inputs to the Artificial Neural Network (ANN) model to predict
   future runoff under the climate change impact.  Finally, the system dynamics
   (SD) model was employed to simulate various scenarios for assessing water
   balance utilizing the Vensim software.  The results of downscaling models
   suggested that the temperature of the basin will increase by 0.47 and 0.91
   degrees C under RCPs4.5 and 8.5 by 2040, respectively.  Additionally, the
   precipitation will decrease by 3.5 percent under RCP4.5 and 14 percent under
   RCP8.5, respectively.  Moreover, simulation results revealed that the water
   demand in various sectors will be enormously increased.  The contribution of
   the climate change impact on the future run-off was a seven percent
   decrease, on average, over the basin.  The SD model, according to presented
   plausible scenarios including decreasing agriculture product and shifting
   irrigation efficiency, cloud-seeding, population control, and household
   consumption reduction, reducing meat and animal-husbandry production, and
   groundwater consumption control, resulted in a water balance equilibrium
   over five years.  However, the performance of individual scenarios was not
   effective; instead, a combination of several scenarios led to effective
   performance in managing reduced runoff under climate change.
DE climate-change; system dynamics; water resources management; zarrine river-
   basin
ID weather generator; lars-wg; precipitation; models

---

UT 202
AR Wang YD, 2024, BUILD, V14, DOI 10.3390/buildings14020417
TI A Dynamic Evaluation Method for the Development of Intelligent Construction
   Technology in the Construction Field Based on Structural Equation Model-
   System Dynamics Model
AU Wang YD; Zhao J; Gao N; Shen FQ
TC 7
SO BUILD
PY 2024
AB In order to explore the development trends of intelligent construction
   technology in the field of construction, this paper constructs a system
   dynamics (SD) model of the application and development of BIM and the new-
   generation information technology in the construction industry based on SD
   theory and a structural equation model (SEM). Vensim DSS is used to explore
   the relationship between the SD model and six subsystems.  The dynamic
   simulation and the sensitivity analyses are also conducted.  Results show
   that during 2023-2050, as the time series advances, the effect value of the
   dynamic simulation gradually increases.  From 2035, intelligent construction
   technology shows a trend of rapid development between various subsystems and
   the SD model.  The adjusted model and the status of the subsystem are
   consistent with the SD model simulation curve.  It is verified that
   intelligent construction technology has good development prospects in the
   construction field.
DE intelligent construction technology; structural equation model; system
   dynamics model; dynamic simulation; construction field
ID china

---

UT 203
AR Jin SY, 2024, J KNOWL ECON, V15, P6111, DOI 10.1007/s13132-023-01368-9
TI Knowledge Transfer of China's HSR Standards "Going Global" Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Jin SY/1; Chai H; Lee CC
TC 2
SO J KNOWL ECON
PY 2024
AB Under "The Belt and Road" initiative, the international recognition of
   China's high-speed railway (hereafter, HSR) standards is gradually improving
   along with China's HSR "going global."  However, the "going global" process
   of China's HSR standards still faces obstacles.  Therefore, how to promote
   the "going global" of China's HSR standards has become an important research
   topic.  "Going global" of China's HSR standards is essentially a process of
   knowledge transfer related to HSR standards.  In this study, knowledge
   transfer theory was used to identify factors related to the knowledge
   transfer of China's HSR standards "going global."  Furthermore, a causal
   loop diagram and stock-and-flow diagram were designed using the System
   Dynamics (hereafter, SD) method.  Variable equations were constructed to
   quantitatively describe the dynamic relationship between the relevant
   factors.  Subsequently, we used VENSIM software to verify the validity of
   the constructed SD model and conducted a simulation analysis on this SD
   model.  Finally, conclusions were drawn on the influence of different
   factors on the knowledge transfer performance of China's HSR standards
   "going global."  Among them, knowledge transfer capacity of China's HSR
   enterprises, accepting willingness and absorptive capacity of HSR importing
   countries, the trust between two parties, and China's manufacturing GVC
   status index all have a positive impact on the knowledge transfer
   performance of China's HSR standards "going global."  The recessive,
   complexity, and specificity of HSR standards, the cultural distance and
   institutional distance between China's HSR enterprises and HSR importing
   countries, and the competitor pressure faced by China's HSR enterprises all
   have a negative impact on the knowledge transfer performance of China's HSR
   standards "going global."  And the corresponding suggestions were put
   forward to promote the sustainable export of China's HSR standards.
DE china hsr standards; knowledge transfer; system dynamics; win-win
   cooperation; the belt and road initiative
ID absorptive-capacity; performance; management; innovation; efficiency;
   impact; firms; model

---

UT 204
AR Fisher D, 2017, MATH ENTHUS, V14, P347
TI Reorganizing Algebraic Thinking: An Introduction to Dynamic System Modeling
AU Fisher D
TC 5
SO MATH ENTHUS
PY 2017
AB System Dynamics (SD) modeling is a powerful analytical method used by
   professional scientists, academics, and governmental officials to study the
   behavior patterns of complex systems.  Specifically through use of the
   Stella software, it is a method that I and others have used for over two
   decades with high school, and even middle school, math and science students.
   In this paper I describe an introduction to SD modeling intended for an
   algebra class (in either middle or high school). In the body of the paper, a
   nested sequence of simple bank account examples, increasing in complexity,
   is used to demonstrate a comparison between using a closed form approach and
   using Stella to mathematize each situation.  The comparison, showing
   equivalent recursive equations, closed form equations, and Stella modeling
   diagrams, is designed to give the reader (algebra teacher, mathematics
   education decision-maker, researcher, or whomever) an accessible
   introduction to understanding Stella model diagrams and the mathematical
   engine operating under the "hood" of the software.  In particular, I
   highlight the limitations of closed form equations to capture the needed
   problem elements beyond a certain level of complexity, even when the problem
   is still simple enough for analysis by quite young students using Stella.
   In the final section, I discuss how, once students become comfortable with
   the software, the level of sophistication of problems they can analyze
   (including complex problems) by designing and building Stella models is
   extensive, significantly beyond what they can analyze with equations.  Then
   I point to limitations in the traditional math curriculum, manifest in the
   Common Core State Standards, in terms of failure to prepare students for
   modeling of complex dynamic systems, and the related failure to exploit the
   potential of new representational resources.
DE algebraic thinking; system dynamics modeling; mathematical modeling;
   mathematization; complexity in models; software; common core state
   standards; traditional math curriculum; limitations of traditional
   curricula; young students mathematical reasoning; technology in mathematics
   education

---

UT 205
AR Zhou QW, 2022, INT J MANAG PROJ BUS, V15, P324, DOI
   10.1108/IJMPB-06-2021-0142
TI System dynamics approach of knowledge transfer from projects to the project-
   based organization
AU Zhou QW; Deng XP; Hwang BG; Yu M
TC 28
SO INT J MANAG PROJ BUS
PY 2022
AB Purpose Although knowledge transfer in the context of projects and project-
   based organizations (PBOs) has gained increasing attention from academia and
   industry, it is not clear how knowledge transfers from projects to their
   parent PBOs.  This research aims to explore the main factors influencing
   knowledge transfer from projects to their parent PBOs, and analyze how these
   factors integrate the transfer process as system components using the system
   dynamics (SD) method.  Design/methodology/approach Based on the literature
   review, investigation and interview, this paper adopts the event analysis to
   obtain the influencing factors from historical cases and establishes a
   conceptual model of knowledge transfer from five dimensions, which
   simultaneously considers the knowledge sender, knowledge receiver and the
   relationship between the knowledge sender and receiver, knowledge features
   and transfer context.  Then, the relationships between variables in the
   qualitative model were clarified, and a quantitative model including seven
   feedback loops was established using the SD model.  Lastly, the system
   simulation and sensitivity analysis of the main parameters were realized in
   Vensim PLE software.  Findings The simulation analysis results show that the
   model can simulate the knowledge transfer process from projects to the PBO
   to a certain extent.  This research fully demonstrates the impact of
   variables from five dimensions on knowledge transfer and incorporates the
   knowledge gap and transfer threshold in the research category.  Moreover,
   the rationality of seven feedback loops proposed in the model was verified.
   And the effects of various factors on the amount of knowledge transferred
   and the PBO's knowledge stock were examined through sensitivity analysis.
   Furthermore, recommendations for developing an integrated knowledge transfer
   mechanism of PBOs and projects to enhance transfer effect are offered.
   Research limitations/implications This research provides other researchers
   with a systematic understanding of transfer process from projects to PBOs,
   and insight for further research on knowledge transfer in project and
   organization contexts.  Furthermore, this study guides researchers to focus
   on the causal processes that constitute knowledge transfer and explores the
   expected and unexpected phenomena generated over time.  However, some
   variables involved in the transfer process are simplified, and the
   establishment of a more complex dynamic model needs further research and
   discussion.  Practical implications By establishing a simulation model for
   knowledge transfer from projects to their parent PBOs, this study helps
   project teams and PBOs grasp the overall picture of the transfer process.
   Especially, this paper provides target-oriented recommendations for project
   and PBO managers to implement effective knowledge transfer practices, which
   have certain practical values for knowledge cultivation, coordination, reuse
   and innovation in the organization.  Originality/value This study
   contributes to knowledge management and project management literature by
   simulating the knowledge transfer process from projects to their parent
   PBOs.  Additionally, this paper provides a reference for PBO and project
   managers to establish an integrated knowledge-transfer mechanism in the work
   process and comprehensively implement effective knowledge transfer
   practices.
DE knowledge transfer; project-management; simulation; system dynamics ( sd );
   project-based organizations ( pbos )
ID codification; culture; trust; firms

---

UT 206
AR Jin SY, 2025, NANKAI BUS REV INT, V16, P654, DOI 10.1108/NBRI-07-2024-0070
TI Forward knowledge transfer from Chinese parent corporations to African
   affiliates from the perspective of transfer context: a system dynamics
   approach
AU Jin SY; Zhang YM; Wang CF
TC 0
SO NANKAI BUS REV INT
PY 2025
AB PurposeThe purpose of this study is to analyze and explore in depth the
   impact of transfer context factors on forward knowledge transfer from
   Chinese parent corporations to African affiliates, aiming to enhance the
   efficacy of Chinese parent corporations' forward knowledge transfer to
   African affiliates from a transfer context perspective, and encourage the
   outstanding advancement of China-Africa
   collaboration.Design/methodology/approachThis study established a forward
   knowledge transfer model for Chinese parent corporations to African
   affiliates from a transfer context perspective.  Furthermore, a causal loop
   graph and system stock-flow chart based on the model were drawn using the
   System Dynamics approach.  Subsequently, the constructed SD model was
   subjected to simulation analyses and sensitivity tests using the Vensim
   v7.3.5 application.FindingsThe results of this study indicate that the
   transfer contexts have a bearing on Chinese parent corporations' forward
   knowledge transfer to African affiliates.  At the macro level, cultural and
   institutional distances, and at the micro level, geographical and
   organizational distances are unfavorable to Chinese parent corporations'
   forward knowledge transfer to African affiliates.  However, relationship
   strength and knowledge similarity are advantageous at the micro
   level.Originality/valueFirst, the knowledge transfer contexts are classified
   into macro and micro dimensions, and the impacts of these dimensions on the
   relatively under-researched forward knowledge transfer from Chinese parent
   corporations to African affiliates are explored.  Second, based on the SD
   approach, a complex, nonlinear and dynamically evolving forward knowledge
   transfer model is constructed, through which the circular feedback
   relationships among variables and the time-lag effects of knowledge transfer
   behaviors are clearly revealed.  Third, profound insights into the
   significance of context factors in knowledge transfer cooperation are
   provided for Chinese and African enterprise managers, helping them devise
   strategies to enhance knowledge transfer effectiveness.
DE transfer context; knowledge transfer; chinese parent corporation; african
   affiliate; system dynamics
ID organizational knowledge; absorptive-capacity; moderating role; acquisition;
   performance; alliances; projects; distance; firm

---

UT 207
AR Ganji F, 2021, ENVIRON SCI POLLUT R, V28, P31327, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-12773-5
TI System dynamics approaches to assess the impacts of climate change on
   surface water quality and quantity: case study of Karoun River, Iran
AU Ganji F; Nasseri M
TC 18
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2021
AB The aim of this research is to gain a better understanding of the effects of
   climate change with a comprehensive and dynamic perspective.  Therefore, by
   using the System Dynamics (SD) approach to simulate the effects of climate
   change on the quality and quantity of the Karoun River and regarding the
   water supply and demand systems in the region and their feedback relations,
   a model was developed in Vensim.  CGCM3 outputs under A2, B1, and A1B
   emission scenarios have been used to investigate the effects of climate
   change on both the quality/quantity of the water resources system.  Also, to
   determine the effects of climate change on agricultural demand, the water
   requirement of selected crops for the next period (2015-2050) has been
   calculated via CROPWAT model.  The results show that the maximum and minimum
   temperature and evaporation will increase.  The results of the developed SD
   model show that if the current development process continues under all three
   climate change scenarios, the system will be able to meet the domestic,
   industrial, and environmental demand.  However, the supply of agricultural
   demand will be deficient.  Also, the average EC value in Ahvaz station under
   three emission scenarios has increased more than 21%, compared to the
   15-year average.  The average pH value did not change much.  Then, several
   proposed management scenarios were evaluated to improve system performance.
   The results show that the scenario of optimal operation of upstream dams has
   the best performance.  However, due to the unrealistic growing trend,
   despite applying this scenario, the development of the agricultural sector
   will fail down after a few years.  Therefore, to reach a long-term solution
   to the problem of water shortage, the growth trend of this sector for the
   next period should be reviewed in light of the effects of climate change.
DE climate-change; karoun river; water-quality and quantity; system dynamics
ID modeling approach; resources; simulation; china

---

UT 208
AR Hosseinzadeh S, 2024, INT J HEAL MANAG, V17, P63, DOI
   10.1080/20479700.2022.2149083
TI Hospital bed capacity management during the COVID-19 outbreak using system
   dynamics: A case study in Amol public hospitals, Iran
AU Hosseinzadeh S; Ketabi S; Atighehchian A; Nazari R
TC 3
SO INT J HEAL MANAG
PY 2024
AB Nowadays proper management of hospital resources has played an important
   role in reducing the economic pressure on hospitals.  Unprecedented
   challenges have arisen for healthcare systems including further resource
   constraints due to the Covid-19 pandemic.  So different countries faced the
   low capacity of hospitals' resources to admit and care for patients during
   the crisis.  Medical staff, beds and personal protective equipment are among
   the scarce resources in this period.  In this study, the patient flow in
   public hospitals has been modeled using System Dynamics (SD) simulation to
   manage the available capacity of intensive care units (ICU) and wards during
   the COVID-19 period.  The model has been implemented in Vensim PLE and
   verified for public hospitals in Amol, Iran.  The results have shown that
   hospitals face bed shortages in the period coinciding with the growing
   incidence of COVID-19, being forced to cancel or delay the admission of
   selected patients and nonemergency surgeries.  Different scenarios based on
   possible strategies for managing hospital bed capacities have been also
   evaluated.  The best strategy is the one in which the allocated bed
   capacities to COVID-19 patients are altered based on infection rates during
   different stages of the pandemic, resulting the shortage of beds is
   postponed the most.
DE bed capacity management; system dynamics; covid-19; infection rate;
   inpatient ward; intensive care unit
ID care; simulation; health

---

UT 209
AR Bocanegra LAF, 2009, REV EDUC ING, V4, P84
TI Market model for broad band access for residential internet access in
   Colombia: a systems dynamic approach
AU Bocanegra LAF; Gallón L
TC 0
SO REV EDUC ING
PY 2009
AB This article introduces an initial version of the model to be developed
   within the research project "Model of Broadband Access Market for
   Residential Internet Service in Colombia: an Approach from the Systems
   Dynamics". It shows the results obtained from an initial conceptual
   representation of its behavior reflected in the Causal Diagram, which was
   supported by the software Vensim PLE r version 5.8c, which specializes in
   applying the approach of Systems Dynamics.
DE system dynamics; broadband; internet access; modeling; simulation

---

UT 210
AR Bocanegra LAF, 2009, ENTRE CIENC ING, P92
TI Quantitative analysis of market behavior of access broadband internet
   service residential in Colombia, seen from the dynamics of systems.  Version
   0.1
AU Bocanegra LAF; Londoño LG
TC 0
SO ENTRE CIENC ING
PY 2009
AB The System Dynamics is emerging as an alternative to the traditional
   techniques of information analysis, since it permits to analyze and
   synthesize different structural causes that promote the behavior of
   interest.  However, this involves raising awareness on the role of each
   element and how different actions carried out on parts of it, accentuate or
   attenuate the trend implicit in it (Garcia, 2007). Taking this aspects Into
   consideration, this article presents the first version of the model to be
   developed within the research project "Model Market Access to Broadband
   Internet Service to Residential, an Approach from the System Dynamics", in
   which the different elements present in the market will be considered, and a
   simulation of their behavior will be conducted, using the Vensim PLE version
   5.8c (2007) software, designed to work under the focus of system dynamics.
DE system dynamics; broadband; modeling; simulation

---

UT 211
AR Guo H, 2025, ENV SUSTAIN INDIC, V28, DOI 10.1016/j.indic.2025.100991
TI Early warning and prediction of water resources carrying capacity based on a
   System Dynamics Modeling Approach in the Shule River Basin, Northwest China
AU Guo H; Sun DY; Wu LZ; Cui YQ; Wang XF; Ma YL; Shu HP
TC 1
SO ENV SUSTAIN INDIC
PY 2025
AB Water scarcity and ecological fragility have become prominent constraints on
   sustainable development in arid inland river basins.  Evaluating and
   forecasting the water resources carrying capacity (WRCC) is critical for
   achieving a balance between socioeconomic development and ecological
   conservation.  This study constructs a comprehensive early warning framework
   for WRCC in the Shule River Basin, Northwest China, integrating water
   resources, ecology, economy, and society into a multidimensional indicator
   system.  A combined weighting method based on entropy weight and CRITIC was
   employed to objectively determine indicator weights.  The TOPSIS model was
   used to assess WRCC levels from 2000 to 2022. To provide dynamic
   predictions, a system dynamics (SD) model was developed in Vensim,
   simulating WRCC evolution under four scenarios: status quo, economic
   priority, environmental protection, and integrated coordination.  Control
   charts were used to establish early warning thresholds and classify WRCC
   levels.  The results indicate that WRCC showed a U-shaped trend from 2000 to
   2022, only decreasing in 2009 and then returning to a high load state by
   2022. Obstacle factor analysis identified key constraints in sewage
   treatment capacity, ecological water use, and economic water-use efficiency.
   Forecasts show that the integrated and coordinated scenario produces the
   most favorable outcome, with WRCC reaching 0.627 b y 2035, demonstrating a
   balance between economic growth and ecological protection.  The proposed
   early warning and simulation framework offers a practical and adaptable
   approach for WRCC assessment and management in arid regions.  The results
   provide a scientific basis for regional water resource planning and policy
   formulation under the pressures of climate change and rapid development.
DE bearing capacity early warning; early warning interval; system dynamics;
   combination weight
ID signals

---

UT 212
AR Morales SAH, 2021, INT J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL, V12, P649
TI Inventory Management Analysis under the System Dynamics Model
AU Morales SAH; Andrade-Arenas L
TC 1
SO INT J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL
PY 2021
AB In this work, the modeling of the system dynamics concerning inventory
   management has been carried out, this was done to achieve a correct analysis
   on said management, and thus make decisions that benefit the company.
   Knowing that the problem lies in the mismanagement of inventories, which are
   managed by certain companies with little or vast knowledge about inventory
   management, for which, it is desired to make use of the system dynamics
   modeling, so that this, achieves a correct analysis of the management, but
   is focused on the dynamics of system.  The result obtained, from the
   development of the methodology applied in this work, was a correct and
   adequate analysis of the dynamics modeling of system in inventory
   management, which was achieved, using the simulation software known as
   Vensim, and a methodology based on three stages that are the Causal Diagram,
   the Forrester Diagram, and the mathematical equations.
DE causal diagram; dynamics of system; forrester diagram; inventory management;
   vensim
ID supply chain

---

UT 213
AR Qin HH, 2019, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V33, P4849, DOI 10.1007/s11269-019-02410-9
TI Analysis of Water Management Scenarios Using Coupled Hydrological and System
   Dynamics Modeling
AU Qin HH; Zheng CM; He X; Refsgaard JC
TC 26
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2019
AB The North China Plain (NCP) has been affected by severe water scarcity over
   the past several decades.  To address this issue, several water management
   plans have already been launched.  Among them, the new South-to-North Water
   Diversion Project (SNWDP) draws the most attention.  However, the
   effectiveness of the SNWDP is yet to be evaluated.  In the present study, we
   developed a coupled hydrological and system dynamics (SD) model to analyze
   water management scenarios for the NCP: S1: business as usual, S2: less
   agricultural water, S3: more domestic and industrial water reuse, S4: SNWDP,
   and S5: combined efforts.  The impact of climate change has been accounted
   for in all scenarios.  The SD model was based on VENSIM, and the
   hydrological model was based on the MIKE SHE code.  The results indicated
   that the groundwater development in the NCP will not be sustainable without
   exploiting the full potential of the SNWDP resource.  However, the SNWDP
   alone can only lessen the water crisis, it is not able to stop the
   groundwater storage from further declining.  Solving the water scarcity
   problem in the NCP will require a combination of highly reduced water use
   and a continued water supply from the SNWDP. Our results also indicated that
   innovative water saving technologies are urgently needed in the
   restructuring of the industrial sector.  Furthermore, the study illustrated
   an added challenge to water management since the uncertainty range on
   climate change impacts are shown to be of the same magnitude as the impacts
   of combined management measures.  Therefore, it requires great caution when
   making the future water management strategies in the NCP.
DE hydrological model; system dynamics ( sd ) model; water resources
   management; north china plain ( ncp ); south-to-north water diversion
   project ( snwdp ); climate-change
ID north china plain; climate-change; hebei plain; resources; groundwater;
   sustainability; diversion; europeen; reuse; she

---

UT 214
AR Bakkula O, 2025, DISCOV APPL SCI, V7, DOI 10.1007/s42452-025-07227-3
TI Examining the drivers of changes in stripping ratio in open pit coal mining:
   a system dynamics model to optimize the coal discrepancy
AU Bakkula O; Wibisono D; Siallagan M
TC 1
SO DISCOV APPL SCI
PY 2025
AB Stripping ratio (SR), as one of the critical parameters in coal mining,
   refers to the ratio of overburden (OB) or waste removed to obtain a ton of
   coal.  It influences the coal discrepancy, or the difference between actual
   and planned coal mined production.  This study aims to explore the
   contributing factors to the change in SR. The author carried out a focus
   group discussion (FGD) involving experts at one of the largest coal mining
   companies in Indonesia.  Empirical data collected from January to December
   2024 verified the results related to the causes of changes in SR. The output
   variables from the data collecting analysis are utilized for modeling this
   phenomenon using Vensim PLE 7.3.5, a system dynamics (SD) software, to
   assess the influence of all contributing factors.  The study revealed that
   the geological model and pit optimization positively decrease the SR. On the
   other hand, changes in sequence, redesigning the pit, operational loss,
   failure, and rehandling activity have an opposite impact on SR. Based on the
   simulation at model X, the best scenario is G (with the contributing factor
   of a coal increase of 15% from the original), which has an average SR of
   6.26 and a total coal mined production of 1,626,018.1 tonnes at t = 1932.
   Simulation of model Y revealed that scenario G7 has the highest total coal
   mined production of 1,604,088.8 tonnes, with the average SR at 6.34.
   However, scenario G4 shows the highest revenue of $130,712,149.0 as well as
   a profit of $85,327,620.9.
DE stripping ratio; coal discrepancy; system dynamics; geological model; coal
   loss; mining sequence
ID uncertainties

---

UT 215
AR Asif A, 2020, BUILD ENV, V180, DOI 10.1016/j.buildenv.2020.106980
TI Indoor temperature, relative humidity and CO2 monitoring and air exchange
   rates simulation utilizing system dynamics tools for naturally ventilated
   classrooms
AU Asif A; Zeeshan M
TC 49
SO BUILD ENV
PY 2020
AB This study reports the results of two-season (summer and winter) monitoring
   of indoor CO2, temperature (T) and relative humidity (RH) levels conducted
   in naturally ventilated classrooms of a primary school.  Parameters were
   recorded at 1-min interval for one week including occupancy and non-
   occupancy hours.  CO2, T and RH exceeded ASHRAE recommended limits for
   significant fraction of occupancy period.  Minute-by-minute ventilation
   (VRs) and air exchange rates (AERs) were calculated for occupancy hours.
   Results showed significant variation (p < 0.05) of indoor parameters between
   occupancy and non-occupancy hours.  Though Indoor CO2 levels did not vary
   between two seasons, thermal comfort parameters showed significant
   variation.  Average AERs and VRs were found in range of 1.4-10.6 h(-1) and
   1.1-6.3 l/s/person respectively which were well below recommended ASHRAE
   standards.  Second part of study includes development of a system dynamics
   (SD) based model which was used to estimate indoor CO2 concentrations
   utilizing calculated VRs (minute-by-minute and averaged) using VENSIM
   software.  The developed SD based model results showed high correlation
   (>0.98 for all classrooms, using minute-by-minute VRs) with monitored CO2
   concentration and low mot mean square error.  Similarly, minute-by-minute
   VRs input to models showed more accurate simulation as compared to VRs
   averaged for a session (Correlation coefficient <70 for all classrooms).
   Finally, ASHRAE and REHVA recommended VRs (8 and 3 Vs/person respectively)
   were input to SD based model to simulate CO2 concentration, in which the
   former successfully kept CO2 levels below 1000 ppm and later failed to
   maintain claimed limits of 1500 ppm.
DE indoor co2; thermal comfort; ventilation rate; air exchange rate; system
   dynamics; ventilation simulation
ID building syndrome sbs; thermal comfort; environmental-quality; residential
   buildings; energy-consumption; office; pollution; schools

---

UT 216
AR Lima CG, 2025, BIOL INVASIONS, V27, DOI 10.1007/s10530-025-03698-y
TI The combined effects of site susceptibility to invasion and fire on
   population dynamics of the invasive tree Acacia dealbata
AU Lima CG; Bastos R; Cabral JA; Alves P; Fernandes PM; Honrado JP; Kühn I;
   Malta-Pinto E; Marchante E; Richardson DM; Santos M; Verburg PH; Vicente JR
TC 0
SO BIOL INVASIONS
PY 2025
AB Disturbance by fire can significantly influence the spread and establishment
   of invasive alien plants, such as Acacia dealbata (silver wattle), which
   pose serious threats to ecosystems.  This study assessed the combined
   effects of fire count density and landscape susceptibility to invasion on
   the population dynamics of A. dealbata in the Minho region of Portugal using
   a mechanistic model.  The model, developed using STELLA software, comprises
   four submodels that address: (A) changing trends in land use and land cover
   (LULC); (B) fire events; (C) changes in the landscape susceptibility to
   invasion and (D) A. dealbata population dynamics.  Higher fire count
   densities led to higher A. dealbata population growth and regeneration,
   increasing landscape susceptibility to invasion.  Models such as the
   proposed approach can help identify potential priority areas for management,
   namely in sites with low initial structural diversity and continued A.
   dealbata population growth, as demonstrated in our dynamic simulations.  The
   model not only enhances understanding of interactions between fire and plant
   invasion dynamics but also provides a tool for predicting the dynamics of
   other invasive plant species to guide proactive and cost-effective
   management strategies.
DE fire; fire-invasion interactions; invasive alien species; land-use and land
   cover ( lulc ); process-based modeling; system dynamics; tree invasions
ID species distribution models; ecological impacts; australian acacias;
   management; resistance; portugal; patterns; drivers; support; options

---

UT 217
AR Maresova P, 2023, INT J HEAL MANAG, V16, P588, DOI
   10.1080/20479700.2022.2134635
TI An effectiveness and cost-estimation model for deploying assistive
   technology solutions in elderly care
AU Maresova P; Rezny L; Bauer P; Fadeyi O; Eniayewu O; Barakovic S; Husic JB
TC 7
SO INT J HEAL MANAG
PY 2023
AB Background: Deployment of modern assistive technologies is one of the major
   trends.  The main objective is the provisioning of the effectiveness and
   cost-estimation model for deploying assistive technology solutions in
   elderly care intended for evaluation and showing specificity to the costs
   and associated benefits of providing smart technological solutions for
   seniors.  Methods: The model uses demographic projections taken from
   Eurostat for EU countries and the disability incidence from the annual
   report of the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs of the Czech Republic as
   an input.  The model was implemented in the software Stella Professional
   dedicated to system dynamics modelling.  Results: In relation to the
   combination of five assistive devices for the elderly the optimal solution
   the cost savings are 37.8% or182 billion CZK, cumulatively in the simulated
   time period 2021-2060. The model allows adjustments regarding price levels
   of various countries through the caregivers' wage.  Obtained results showed
   robustness of the model to this uncertainty as percentage savings varied
   only from 37.6% to 39.8%, a mere 2.2% difference.  Conclusion: With respect
   to the ongoing demographic transition, the need to employ smart device
   solutions should further increase and their price could decline.  The
   highest savings will come from countries with higher wages for carers.
DE assistive technology; savings; activities of daily living; model; costs;
   efficiency

---

UT 218
AR Zhang XY, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13121084
TI Theoretical Analysis of Dynamic Effects of Supply Chain Concentration on
   Inventory Management Performance: A System Dynamics Approach
AU Zhang XY; Liu ML; Zheng XK; Gao S
TC 0
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB Amid global supply chain volatility, inventory management performance (IMP)
   is vital to manufacturing competitiveness.  Supply chain concentration
   (SCC), including supplier concentration (SC) and customer concentration
   (CC), has emerged as a key structural factor influencing IMP, yet its
   dynamic effects remain unclear.  This study develops an original system
   dynamics (SD) model to analyze how SC and CC affect IMP under linear and
   random demand patterns.  The model incorporates in-transit stock, work-in-
   process and inventory levels as key state variables, with SC and CC as
   exogenous inputs.  Using Vensim PLE 7.3.5, simulation and sensitivity
   analyses were conducted and validated with ten years of operational data
   from two Chinese listed manufacturing enterprises.  The results show that SC
   exerts an inverted U-shaped effect on IMP, with an optimal threshold near
   50%. CC displays a U-shaped impact under a linear demand but an unstable
   influence under a random demand and contributes less significantly than SC.
   The findings suggest that enterprises should adjust SC toward 50% and manage
   CC flexibly according to demand patterns, prioritizing SC optimization.
   These findings provide both theoretical insights and managerial implications
   for the dynamic regulation of supplier-customer relationships and
   optimization of supply chain structures.
DE supplier concentration ( sc ); customer concentration ( cc ); quality of
   inventory control; financial performance; customer service level; system
   dynamics model ( sd )
ID customer-base concentration

---

UT 219
AR Turner BL, 2016, NAT RESOUR MODEL, V29, P179, DOI 10.1111/nrm.12087
TI DEVELOPMENT AND EVALUATION OF A SYSTEM DYNAMICS MODEL FOR INVESTIGATING
   AGRICULTURALLY DRIVEN LAND TRANSFORMATION IN THE NORTH CENTRAL UNITED STATES
AU Turner BL; Wuellner M; Nichols T; Gates R; Tedeschi LO; Dunn BH
TC 18
SO NAT RESOUR MODEL
PY 2016
AB Land transformation from grassland to cropland in the Northern Great Plains
   (NGP) has become a growing concern among many stakeholders.  A growing body
   of work has sought to determine the amount and rate of land use change with
   less emphasis on the systemic structures or feedback processes of land use
   decisions.  This paper presents the development of a system dynamics
   simulation model to integrate ecological, economic, and social components
   influencing land use decisions, including cattle ranching, cropland
   production, rural communities, land quality, and public policies.
   Evaluation indicated that the model satisfactorily predicted historical
   land, agricultural commodity, and rural community data from the model
   structure.  Reference modes for key variables, including the farmland area,
   were characterized by a bias correction of 0.999, root mean squared error of
   prediction of 0.053, R-2 of 0.921, and concordance correlation coefficient
   of 0.0959. The model was robust under extreme and varying sensitivity tests,
   as well as adequately predicting land use under changing system context.
   The model's major contributions were the inclusion of decision-making
   feedbacks from economic and social signals with connectivity to land quality
   and elasticity values that drive land transformation.  Limitations include
   lack of spatial input and output capabilities useful for visual interfacing.
DE land transformation; system dynamics; model development; model calibration;
   model evaluation; computer simulation; northern great plains; vensim
ID mental models; conversion; grasslands; plains

---

UT 220
AR De Silva MM, 2024, TRANSP POLIC, V147, P244, DOI
   10.1016/j.tranpol.2024.01.004
TI A system dynamics model for vehicle fleet transformation towards energy
   efficiency and low-carbon development: A case study of Sri Lanka and its
   strategies
AU De Silva MM; Herath OK; Nakayama T; Kumarage AS
TC 7
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2024
AB Improving the energy efficiency of a vehicle fleet is a complex task that
   can be identified as having multiple variables and nonlinear feedback loops
   influenced by different mobility, socio-economical, and environmental
   factors.  Due to the prevailing concerns on the fuel economy and vehicular
   emissions, formulating a clear policy for electric and other alternative
   mobility forms requires a clear decision support tool to adequately consider
   the complexities involved.  This paper presents a novel System Dynamics (SD)
   approach based on the cause-and-effect analysis and feedback loop structures
   as a suitable tool.  The proposed SD model comprises four sub-models: socio-
   economic, new vehicle registrations, environmental influence, and fuel
   economy and e-mobility policy measures.  The study presents the analysis of
   historical data and results from the impact analysis of fuel economy
   policies in Sri Lanka, including the introduction of electric mobility.  The
   authors leveraged the Vensim SD software package for modelling, expert-in-
   the-loop sensitivity analysis and optimization.  Three strategic fuel
   economy and e-mobility policy intervention scenarios have been developed to
   estimate the forecasted fuel economy for Four-Wheeled Passenger Vehicles
   (FWPVs) as per strategic interventions to change the fuel type of new
   vehicles registered.  It is shown that hybrid and electric FWPVs can improve
   fuel economy by between 13 and 39% by 2030.
DE system dynamics; energy efficiency modeling; new vehicle registrations;
   vehicle ownership; e -mobility policies
ID ownership; policies; price

---

UT 221
AR Chen YL, 2025, BUILD, V15, DOI 10.3390/buildings15060949
TI What Kind of Policy Intensity Can Promote the Development of Intelligent
   Construction in Construction Enterprises?  Study Based on Evolutionary Games
   and System Dynamics Analysis
AU Chen YL; Shi YZ; Lin SZ; Ding MC
TC 1
SO BUILD
PY 2025
AB Previous studies have focused on the fact that government policies are the
   key factors in promoting the development of intelligent construction in
   construction enterprises.  However, how to select different forms of policy
   support and quantify the intensity of policy support, as well as the impact
   on the behavioral strategies of construction enterprises and the government,
   still needs in-depth exploration.  This paper constructs an evolutionary
   game model between construction companies and the government, using the
   system dynamics simulation software Vensim to analyze the model under three
   different government policy support scenarios.  The study explores how
   varying levels of policy support and key factors influence the strategic
   choices of the game participants, providing valuable insights for promoting
   the development of intelligent construction.  The key findings are as
   follows: (1) The willingness to adopt intelligent construction is heavily
   dependent on policy incentives.  The incentive effect of the three single
   policies is much lower than that of the combined policies, and only high-
   intensity special fund support (more than 8 CNY/m2) significantly promotes
   widespread adoption.  Among combinations of policies, tax incentives coupled
   with special funds prove most effective.  (2) The government's decision to
   actively promote intelligent construction hinges on a cost-benefit analysis.
   Under medium to high levels of special fund support, medium to low levels of
   service support are more beneficial for reaching a stable state of
   intelligent construction implementation.  (3) Reducing the incremental costs
   of intelligent construction transformation is the primary key factor in
   promoting construction.  The findings contribute to a deeper understanding
   of how both the government and construction companies can adjust their
   strategies in response to policy changes, ultimately leading to more
   effective policy implementation and strategic decision-making.
DE evolutionary game theory; intelligent construction; policy incentive;
   simulation modeling; system dynamics
ID industry 40; government; technologies

---

UT 222
AR McKnight US, 2013, ENVIRON MODELL SOFTW, V40, P35, DOI
   10.1016/j.envsoft.2012.07.007
TI A system dynamics model for the screening-level long-term assessment of
   human health risks at contaminated sites
AU McKnight US; Finkel M
TC 29
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2013
AB For the design of sustainable and cost-effective management strategies for
   contaminated sites, decision makers need appropriate tools, i.e.
   environmental decision support systems to assist them in the planning,
   assessment, selection and optimisation of possible alternatives.  We propose
   a novel system dynamics model, CARO-PLUS (Cost-efficiency Analysis of
   Remediation Options), which provides estimates of current and future risks
   originating from soil and groundwater contamination.  Utilising a source-
   pathway-receptor concept, the model particularly addresses the presence of
   multi-compound nonaqueous phase liquids in porous media, which have been
   identified as major sources of groundwater contamination at many of these
   sites.  Simplified approaches for the description of contaminant release and
   transport, as well as of exposure pathways for human health risk assessment,
   allow for a fast and effective screening model, which is particularly
   qualified to support early decisions within a tiered management approach at
   contaminated sites.  CARO-PLUS is applied to assess the long-term risks
   originating from a kerosene contamination at a former military airfield in
   Germany.  Monte Carlo simulations are performed to account for the large
   uncertainty in model parameters at early decision levels.  The results of
   the application show that the implementation of monitored natural
   attenuation might be a feasible management strategy for the site, and
   provide guidance for additional, more detailed investigations.  (C) 2012
   Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE system dynamics; edss; contaminated sites; risk-based land management;
   uncertainty; monitored natural attenuation; human health risk assessment;
   vensim
ID decision-support-systems; zone natural attenuation; hydrocarbon spill sites;
   sensitivity analysis; organic mixtures; uncertainty; lnapl; water;
   groundwater; remediation

---

UT 223
AR Li LH, 2025, APPL SCI-BASEL, V15, DOI 10.3390/app15084086
TI System Dynamics Simulation of Policy Synergy Effects: How Tradable Green
   Certificates and Carbon Emission Trading Shape Electricity Market
   Sustainability
AU Li LH; Song K; Xu WM; Jiang X; Guo CB
TC 3
SO APPL SCI-BASEL
PY 2025
AB With the rapid growth of global energy demand, the fossil fuel-dominated
   electric power industry has led to serious environmental problems.  Tradable
   green certificates (TGC) and carbon emission trading (CET) have become key
   mechanisms for promoting sustainable development of the electricity market
   by serving as market-oriented policy tools.  To deeply analyze the impact of
   TGC and CET on the sustainable development of China's electricity market and
   provide a scientific basis for policymakers.  This study uses system
   dynamics (SD) methods to construct a policy synergy analysis framework for
   TGC and CET. It explores the impact mechanism of dual policy incentives on
   the sustainable development of the electricity market.  Firstly, the current
   application status of TGC and CET in China was reviewed.  Based on the
   literature analysis, identify key factors that affect the sustainable
   development of the electricity market.  Then, by deconstructing the
   interaction between TGC policy and CET policy, an SD model was established
   that includes multidimensional feedback such as policy, technology, funding,
   and market, and the dynamic functional relationships in the SD model were
   quantified.  Finally, Vensim PLE software 7.3.2 was used to simulate the
   evolution of sustainable development in the electricity market under
   different policy scenarios.  The research results indicate that (1) the
   adjustment of the TGC quota ratio can change the supply and demand mechanism
   to form a price leverage effect, effectively stimulate the growth of
   renewable energy generation capacity, and accelerate the low-carbon
   transformation of power enterprises; and (2) the CET market changes the cost
   structure of power generation through carbon price signals.  When the carbon
   emission cap target tightens, CET prices quickly rise, leading to a
   significant trend of carbon reduction in the electricity market; (3) the
   application of policy combinations can significantly promote the sustainable
   development of the electricity market, but the unreasonable setting of
   policy parameters can trigger market risks.  Therefore, policy design should
   focus on flexibility and implement appropriate policy combinations at
   different stages of electricity market development to promote green
   transformation while ensuring smooth market operation.  This study
   innovatively reveals the synergistic effect of TGC and CET in the
   sustainable development of the electricity market from a systems theory
   perspective.  The research results provide a scientific basis for decision-
   makers to formulate policy adjustment plans and have essential reference
   value for achieving the dual goals of energy structure transformation and
   electricity market stability.
DE tradable green certificate; carbon emission trading; electricity market;
   sustainable development; system dynamics
ID renewable energy; reduction; sweden; china; tgc

---

UT 224
AR Demczuk A, 2017, BIOMASS BIOENERG, V97, P186, DOI
   10.1016/j.biombioe.2016.12.021
TI Using system dynamics modeling to evaluate the feasibility of ethanol supply
   chain in Brazil: The role of sugarcane yield, gasoline prices and sales tax
   rates
AU Demczuk A; Padula AD
TC 39
SO BIOMASS BIOENERG
PY 2017
AB This paper explores how sugarcane yield, gasoline prices and sales tax rates
   affect the production and consumption of ethanol from sugarcane in Brazil.
   The system dynamics model of the sugarcane and ethanol production chain
   explores the impact of these variables to evaluate the feasibility of
   ethanol production.  Using the VENSIM software different arrangements for
   sugarcane yield, gasoline prices and sales tax were simulated (horizon of 20
   years). Brazil's Federal Government policy of gasoline price below the
   international price and the diversity of state sales tax rates produce
   distortions in the ethanol market and impose considerable constraints on the
   development of the ethanol industry.  The simulations show that to ensure
   the feasibility of ethanol production, the pump price of regular gasoline
   would need to be US$1.95 per liter, which is far higher than the US$1.26 per
   liter currently charged.  Public policies involving the liberalization of
   gasoline prices and the homogenization of the sales taxes on ethanol among
   the Brazilian states could reduce the distortions caused by these policies.
   These policies could contribute to reduce uncertainty in the ethanol sector
   and encourage technological and productive investments.  Future research
   could add and evaluate the impacts of the environmental benefits of ethanol
   production and consumption (Carbon Trade Market, Payment for Environmental
   Services and Bioelectricity production) and of sugarcane byproducts on its
   feasibility.  The sensitivity analysis revealed the effectiveness of the
   model to support policies and managerial decisionmaking process in the
   sugarcane ethanol sector.  (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE system dynamics; ethanol supply chain; sugarcane yield; tax rates; gasoline
   prices; feasibility
ID sustainability assessment; renewable energy; environmental services; biofuel
   production; economic-analysis; biomass energy; co2 emissions; bioenergy;
   costs; optimization

---

UT 225
AR Shahbazi A, 2025, ENERGIES, V18, DOI 10.3390/en18092346
TI Assessment of Greenhouse Gas Reduction and Sustainability Index in Waste-to-
   Energy Conversion Scenarios Using System Dynamics Modeling
AU Shahbazi A; Moeinaddini M; Sinha R; Abdoli MA; Hosseinzadeh M; Fard NJH;
   Azizi S
TC 1
SO ENERGIES
PY 2025
AB This study aims to evaluate various waste-to-energy conversion scenarios in
   terms of their potential to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and
   improve sustainability based on economic and environmental outcomes.  To
   achieve this, a comprehensive waste management model was developed using the
   system dynamics approach in the Vensim software to predict waste generation
   and composition and compare pyrolysis, incineration, gasification, and
   sanitary landfill scenarios with the baseline scenario over 25 years
   (2025-2050). The analysis of different waste management scenarios highlights
   the superior performance of pyrolysis in terms of energy recovery, economic
   profit, GHG emissions reduction, environmental outcomes, and long-term
   sustainability.  Results show that the pyrolysis scenario generates the
   highest electricity, with a cumulative net electricity output of 10,469 GWh.
   Although pyrolysis has GHG emissions due to energy consumption and direct
   process emissions, it results in the largest net reduction in GHG emissions,
   primarily due to avoided emissions from increased electricity generation,
   leading to a 346% reduction compared to the baseline scenario.  Furthermore,
   the pyrolysis scenario demonstrates the highest economic profit at 354
   million USD and the highest sustainability index (SI) at 499 million USD.
   The cumulative SI from 2025 to 2050 shows a 503% increase compared to the
   business-as-usual scenario, highlighting its superior sustainability
   performance.  This study highlights the importance of strategic waste-to-
   energy planning in reducing GHG emissions and promoting sustainability.  It
   also offers valuable insights for policymakers and researchers, supporting
   the development of sustainable waste management strategies and effective
   efforts for climate change mitigation.
DE waste-to-energy ( wte ); greenhouse gas ( ghg ) emissions; sustainability
   index ( si ); system dynamics modeling; climate-change mitigation
ID municipal solid-waste; life-cycle assessment; management; pyrolysis;
   technologies; gasification; feasibility; emissions

---

UT 226
AR Loo PS, 2026, LANCET REG HEAL, V57, DOI 10.1016/j.lana.2026.101449
TI Hypertension management in São Paulo: insights from a simulation
AU Loo PS; Silveira M; Baxter YC; Avezum A; Drager LF; Bortolotto LA; Boch J;
   Muñoz DC
TC 0
SO LANCET REG HEAL
PY 2026
AB Background Hypertension poses significant global health challenges,
   especially in urban settings where systemic complexity exacerbates its
   burden.  This study aimed to assess whether integrated intervention
   strategies, tested using a system dynamics model (the Simulator), can
   improve hypertension control and reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD) events
   in S & atilde;o Paulo, Brazil.  Methods The Simulator was constructed in
   Stella Architect to project the intervention impacts on hypertension
   outcomes.  It quantifies a causal loop diagram using S & atilde;o Paulo-
   specific data on hypertension prevalence, cascade of care, and CVD events
   over 2011-2045. Validation comprised sensitivity and global sensitivity
   analyses to assess uncertainty.  Findings The Base scenario reflecting
   interventions introduced in 2018-2019, showed improvements in screening and
   diagnosis compared to a no-intervention scenario.  Integrated interventions
   of patient engagement and health system improvements increased controlled
   cases by 41% (95% UI: 33% to 47%) and reduced CVD events rates by 19% (UI:
   -29% to-6%) at 15 years.  These interventions heightened diagnostic and
   treatment demand, highlighting the need for expanded healthcare capacity.
   Expanding this capacity further increased controlled cases by 44% (UI: 37%
   to 53%) and reduced CVD events rates by 20% (UI: -31% to-8%). The most
   comprehensive scenario, incorporating prevention measures, achieved a 44%
   increase in controlled cases (UI: 36% to 53%) and a 22% reduction in CVD
   events rates (UI: -32% to-10%), showing long-term impacts of prevention.
   Interpretation A combined strategy that engages patients, expands service
   capacity, and delays disease onset offers the greatest gains.  It highlights
   the need to balance individual, systemic, and preventive approaches to
   reduce hypertension burdens in complex systems for health.  Future steps
   include institutionalizing the Simulator within S & atilde;o Paulo's
   municipal strategies, and adapting it to other Latin American cities,
   fostering region-wide, evidence-based planning.
DE hypertension; s  and  atilde; o paulo; simulation; policy testing;
   cardiovascular diseases
ID care; prehypertension; expenditure; progression; population; risk

---

UT 227
AR Guo CB, 2025, APPL SCI-BASEL, V15, DOI 10.3390/app15105627
TI Research on the Implementation Effect of Incentive Policies for
   Prefabricated Buildings Based on System Dynamics: A Chinese Empirical Study
AU Guo CB; Yan WD; Guo ZX
TC 1
SO APPL SCI-BASEL
PY 2025
AB Incentive policies for prefabricated buildings (PBIP) can effectively
   promote the development of prefabricated buildings (PB) and improve the
   sustainability of the construction industry, attracting increasing attention
   from academia and industry.  The government has issued many PBIPs (including
   land policy, plot ratio reward policy, fund policy, financial support
   policy, preferential tax policy, research and development support policy,
   and construction process management policy) but the implementation effect of
   PBIP remains to be clarified, especially regarding the research gap from a
   dynamic perspective.  This study proposes an analytical framework of policy
   implementation effect based on the chain of "policy text content-policy
   impact path-policy implementation effect", aiming to analyze the
   implementation stage and effect of PBIPs using the system theory analysis
   method.  Combining the main factors affecting the PBIP impact system, a
   quantitative model containing 50 variables is established based on the
   system dynamics (SD) model.  Finally, using Shenyang, one of China's first
   PB pilot cities, as an example, the system simulation and sensitivity
   analysis of main parameters are carried out in Vensim software.  The
   research results indicate that PBIP in Shenyang has not been fully utilized
   and targeted improvements and strengthened implementation of PBIP are
   needed.  In the simulation of individual policies, the implementation effect
   of fund policy is the best, and the impact of research and development
   support policy on carbon reduction is the most significant.  The promotional
   effect of the policy combination on PB development is more prominent.  Using
   the policy combination reasonably is necessary to leverage the incentive
   effect fully.  Simulation and sensitivity analysis results provide valuable
   insights for government departments to enhance the implementation
   effectiveness of the existing PBIP. This study responds to the global trend
   of promoting sustainable building development.  It proposes a new framework
   for systematically analyzing the implementation effects of PBIPs, filling
   the research gap in policy evaluation from a dynamic perspective.  Its
   methods and findings are not only applicable to the Chinese context but also
   provide valuable experience for other countries to develop and optimize
   PBIPs.
DE prefabricated buildings; incentive policies; policy tools; implementation
   effect; system dynamics; dynamic simulation; government intervention
ID construction; impact

---

UT 228
AR Shamsuddoha M, 2025, LOGIST, V9, DOI 10.3390/logistics9040171
TI System Dynamics Modeling of the Jute Stick Charcoal (JSC) Supply Chain:
   Logistics and Policy Strategies for Sustainable Rural Industrialization in
   Bangladesh
AU Shamsuddoha M; Hossain AI; Dewan I; Nur KF
TC 0
SO LOGIST
PY 2025
AB Background: Jute, recognized as the 'golden fiber' of Bangladesh, produces a
   substantial amount of stick left over (waste), a byproduct of the fiber.
   Usually, unused jute sticks (JS) are thrown away or burned, since they are
   treated as landfill or unusable waste.  Noteworthy research gaps exist in
   the farming process, infrastructure, [supply chains], unfavorable policies,
   government interference, and insufficient farmers' knowledge of the export
   market.  This research examines the potential of jute stick charcoal (JSC)
   as a sustainable and value-added product within the circular economy
   framework.  Methods: This study employs a system dynamics (SD) modeling
   approach to examine how various factors, including agricultural output,
   supply chain process efficiency, trade flows, and relevant variables,
   influence JSC supply chain performance.  Considering technologies,
   logistics, and policy variables, this study constructed a simulation model
   with three scenarios: current, worst-case, and improved, using Vensim DSS to
   identify system behavior under changing conditions.  Results: The simulation
   indicates that optimizing idle jute resources, enhancing supply chain
   processes, and expanding markets can increase economic returns, reduce
   waste, and create more rural jobs, particularly for women.  Conclusions:
   Enhanced coordination, technologies, and logistics can reduce carbon
   emissions, benefit farmers, support rural industries, and contribute to SDGs
   8, 12, and 13.
DE jute; supply chain; jute stick; charcoal; circular economy; production;
   system dynamics; agro-waste; simulation; modeling; sustainability;
   bangladesh
ID grass-roots innovations; transitions; energy

---

UT 229
AR Bocanegra LAF, 2010, REV EDUC ING, V5, P158
TI Dynamics and structures that characterize the market behavior of residential
   broad band Internet services in Colombia
AU Bocanegra LAF; Gallón L
TC 0
SO REV EDUC ING
PY 2010
AB This article presents some of the final results obtained in the research
   project "Model of Broadband Access Market for Residential Internet Service
   in Colombia: an Approach from the Systems Dynamics". It particularly
   emphasizes the dynamics and structures that characterize the market and
   could be identified from the flows and levels diagram and the simulations
   with Vensim PLE, specializing software in the implementation of the dynamic
   systems approach.
DE system dynamics; broadband; ict markets

---

UT 230
AR Bigdeli E, 2020, KYBERNETES, V49, P2521, DOI 10.1108/K-05-2019-0358
TI A dynamic model of effective factors on Agile business-IT alignment
AU Bigdeli E; Motadel M; Eshlaghy AT; Radfar R
TC 7
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2020
AB Purpose This paper aims to present a dynamic model based on casual
   relationships among the most important effective factors on business-IT
   alignment in Agile businesses by using system dynamics modeling approach.
   Design/methodology/approach To study the most important factors on agility
   and alignment, the data were collected by questionnaires filled by 201
   experts and were analyzed by SPSS and PLS. Casual relationships among
   studied factors and efficiency coefficients of each factor were identified
   by fuzzy DEMATEL technique and analyzed by MATLAB and EXCELL. Finally, the
   dynamic model was plotted by VENSIM. Findings According to the results, only
   "learning IT capabilities" are the most important casual factor that has the
   highest influence on the other factors.  "Business responding capabilities"
   take the highest effect from the system, and "business sensing capabilities"
   are in the next rank.  Practical implications This study underpins effective
   IT deployment toward developing efficient IT capabilities to gain greater
   agility.  Originality/value The dynamic capabilities view (DCV) has emerged
   as an influential theoretical and management framework in modern IS and
   agility researches.  In this regard, we propose a conceptualization of
   dynamic capabilities in the form of an alignment model.  Based on the
   dynamic capabilities, and on the alignment perspectives found in Henderson
   and Venkatraman's seminal model, IT alignment is modeled as a process of
   reconfiguration of the firm's IT and organizational resources, competencies
   and capabilities.
DE alignment; agility; dynamic capabilities; it architecture; system dynamics;
   fuzzy dematel technique
ID information-technology capability; organizational agility; firm performance;
   system dynamics; competitive advantage; strategic alignment; enterprise
   agility; perspective; evolution; link

---

UT 231
AR Rafiei S, 2018, J EDUC HEAL PROMOT, V7, DOI 10.4103/jehp.jehp_35_16
TI Forecasting the shortage of neurosurgeons in Iran using a system dynamics
   model approach
AU Rafiei S; Daneshvaran A; Abdollahzade S
TC 4
SO J EDUC HEAL PROMOT
PY 2018
AB Context: Shortage of physicians particularly in specialty levels is
   considered as an important issue in Iran health system.  Thus, in an
   uncertain environment, long-term planning is required for health
   professionals as a basic priority on a national scale.  Aims: This study
   aimed to estimate the number of required neurosurgeons using system dynamic
   modeling.  Setting and Design: System dynamic modeling was applied to
   predict the gap between stock and number of required neurosurgeons in Iran
   up to 2020. Subjects and Methods: A supply and demand simulation model was
   constructed for neurosurgeons using system dynamic approach.  The demand
   model included epidemiological, demographic, and utilization variables along
   with supply model-incorporated current stock of neurosurgeons and flow
   variables such as attrition, migration, and retirement rate.  Statistical
   Analysis Used: Data were obtained from various governmental databases and
   were analyzed by Vensim PLE Version 3.0 to address the flow of health
   professionals, clinical infrastructure, population demographics, and disease
   prevalence during the time.  Results: It was forecasted that shortage in
   number of neurosurgeons would disappear at 2020. The most dominant
   determinants on predicted number of neurosurgeons were the prevalence of
   neurosurgical diseases, the rate for service utilization, and medical
   capacity of the region.  Conclusions: Shortage of neurosurgeons in some
   areas of the country relates to maldistribution of the specialists.
   Accordingly, there is a need to reconsider the allocation system for health
   professionals within the country instead of increasing the overall number of
   acceptance quota in training positions.
DE demand; forecast; shortage; supply; system dynamics
ID medical specialists; health

---

UT 232
AR Cheng BQ, 2022, ENVIRON MANAGE, V70, P666, DOI 10.1007/s00267-022-01617-8
TI Improving Contractors' Participation of Resource Utilization in Construction
   and Demolition Waste through Government Incentives and Punishments
AU Cheng BQ; Huang JL; Li JC; Chen SH; Chen HH
TC 53
SO ENV MANAG
PY 2022
AB This paper develops a simulation model for analyzing how government
   incentives and punishments improve contractors' participation in resource
   utilization of construction and demolition waste (RUCDW) based on system
   dynamics theory.  The construction industry's long-term objective is to
   become more sustainable and resource-effective, and as part of this
   objective, generated construction and demolition waste should be recycled
   and resource utilized.  However, most contractors have little willingness to
   engage in RUCDW because it increases their costs.  The government thus plays
   a vital role in improving their participation in RUCDW through a range of
   educational tools such as advertisements, professional training, incentives,
   and punishments.  Among these approaches, incentives and punishments are
   considered the most effective because they directly change project costs.
   We use the Vensim software package for numerical simulation and data
   collected from Suzhou, China are used to demonstrate and validate the
   developed model.  Simulation results show that the government can improve
   contractors' participation in RUCDW through three kinds of incentives and
   punishments: (1) subsidizing RUCDW; (2) increasing landfill fees; and 3)
   issuing fines for illegal dumping.  Comprehensive application of multiple
   policies has a stronger effect than single policies.  The established model
   is therefore a valuable tool for assessing the dynamic effects of government
   incentives and punishments on RUCDW ahead of implementation, which can
   provide guidance for policymakers.
DE government incentives and punishments; resource utilization; construction
   and demolition waste; system dynamics; sustainable construction
ID system dynamics model; decision-making; environmental performance; reduction
   management; fee; willingness; simulation; challenges; policies; impacts

---

UT 233
AR Jerden J, 2024, APPL GEOCHEM, V167, DOI 10.1016/j.apgeochem.2024.106002
TI The impact of geochemical and life-cycle variables on carbon dioxide removal
   by enhanced rock weathering: Development and application of the Stella ERW
   model
AU Jerden J; Mejbel M; Zamuner AN; Carroll M; Campe J
TC 11
SO APPL GEOCHEM
PY 2024
AB The carbon dioxide removal (CDR) potential of enhanced rock weathering (ERW)
   depends on dynamic interactions between several biogeochemical and life-
   cycle variables.  This paper reports results from a systems model developed
   to account for key variable interactions and provide a computational tool
   for optimizing ERW applications.  We discuss the model development,
   comparisons with laboratory and field test data, and results from a series
   of sensitivity analyses for several hypothetical ERW applications.  The
   simulations were performed using a model developed in Stella Architect, an
   object-oriented systems dynamics modeling code.  The model tracks the amount
   of carbon dioxide consumed by the weathering of a user-specified mass of
   rock powder in a soil environment.  The primary model variables are: rock
   powder particle size distribution, soil pH, soil temperature, soil pore
   water saturation index, and a biological weathering factor.  The rock bulk
   composition is also a key variable as it defines the enhanced weathering
   potential of the rock powder.  Life cycle variables such as carbon emissions
   from mining, rock crushing, and transport are also quantified.  The model
   predictions are consistent with measured data.  It predicts CDR values
   ranging from 1 to 12 t CO2 ha(-1) (depending on conditions) for single
   applications of 20-40 t of rock ha(-1) over a 10-year interval.  Applying
   the model to a hypothetical large-scale ERW campaign in which basalt rock
   powder is applied to 25% and 75% of Brazilian cropland results in CDR values
   of 0.15 and 0.5 Gt CO2 over ten years, respectively (for a single
   application). Model results show that combinations of suboptimal rock type
   (i.e., low concentrations of divalent cations and slow weathering rates for
   field conditions) and suboptimal life-cycle variables (i.e., high vehicle
   emission factors and long rock transport distances) can result in net
   positive CO2 emissions for some hypothetical ERW scenarios.  It is,
   therefore, emphasized that the quantitative co-optimization of geochemical,
   biological, and life-cycle variables is essential in the planning stages of
   ERW applications.
DE enhanced rock weathering; carbon dioxide removal; mineral weathering; life-
   cycle assessment; modeling
ID sao-paulo state; ground basalt; co2 removal; chemical-properties; silicate
   minerals; atmospheric co2; sequestration; dissolution; release; agriculture

---

UT 234
AR Orji IJ, 2015, J MANUF TECHNOL MANAG, V26, P1201, DOI
   10.1108/JMTM-11-2014-0120
TI Dynamic modeling of sustainable operation in green manufacturing environment
AU Orji IJ; Wei S
TC 20
SO J MANUF TECHNOL MANAG
PY 2015
AB Purpose - Globally, supply chains compete in a complex and rapidly changing
   environment.  Hence, sustainable supplier selection has become a decisive
   variable in the firm's financial success.  This requires reliable tools and
   techniques to enhance understanding on how supplier behavior evolves with
   time and to select the best sustainable supplier.  System dynamics (SD) is
   an approach to investigate the dynamic behavior in which the system
   alterations correspond to the system variable changes.  Fuzzy logic usually
   solves the challenges of imprecise data and ambiguous human judgment.  The
   paper aims to discuss these issues.  Design/methodology/approach - This work
   presents a novel modeling approach for integrating information on supplier
   behavior in fuzzy environment with SD simulation modeling technique.  This
   results in a more reliable and responsible decision-support system.
   Supplier behavior with respect to relevant sustainability criteria were
   sourced through expert interviews and simulated in Vensim to select the best
   possible sustainable supplier.  The simulation runs were carried out in four
   scenarios, namely, past, current, future and average time horizon for four
   different suppliers.  A multi-criteria decision-making model was presented
   to compare results from the systems dynamics model.  Findings - An increase
   in the rate of investment in sustainability by the different suppliers
   causes an exponential increase in total sustainability performance of the
   suppliers.  The growth rate of the total performance of suppliers outruns
   their rate of investment in sustainability after about 12 months.
   Originality/value - While a significant work exists regarding supplier
   selection, little work has been found that investigates how to insure
   sustainable suppliers maintain their status for a long period of time.
DE supplier evaluation; simulation
ID supplier selection; system dynamics; performance; simulation; topsis

---

UT 235
AR Yan B, 2017, RAIRO-OPER RES, V51, P763, DOI 10.1051/ro/2016054
TI INVENTORY MANAGEMENT MODELS IN CLUSTER SUPPLY CHAINS BASED ON SYSTEM
   DYNAMICS
AU Yan B; Wu JW/1; Liu LF; Chen QQ
TC 5
SO RAIRO-OPER RES
PY 2017
AB This study introduces the methods of supply chain inventory management into
   the cluster supply chains and proposes the implementation of supply chain
   inventory management strategies under this circumstance.  First, we analyze
   the system behavior patterns of the co-operation planning, forecasting and
   replenishment (CPFR), vendor-managed inventory (VMI), and jointly managed
   inventory (JMI) models of cluster supply chains.  Therefore, we establish
   the inventory management models of CPFR, VMI and JMI in cluster supply
   chains.  These models are simulated by VENSIM software.  The simulation
   results show that compared with those in the VMI and JMI models, the
   inventory fluctuations of manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers in the
   CPFR model correspond; the total inventory is reduced while its stability is
   greatly improved.  Therefore, the application of CPFR in cluster supply
   chains can effectively restrain the bullwhip effect, reduce the inventory
   and improve the efficiency of the entire supply chain.
DE inventory management; cluster supply chains; system dynamics; cpfr; vmi
ID lead time; simulation; impact; strategies; network

---

UT 236
AR Sun HH, 2022, BUILD, V12, DOI 10.3390/buildings12091361
TI Modelling and Optimizing Resource Management and Environmental Benefit of
   Construction and Demolition Waste: A Case Study in China
AU Sun HH; Liu HM/1; Tian JJ; Guo R; Xu Q; Yao L; Hong WM; Li HY; Zhu CH
TC 9
SO BUILD
PY 2022
AB With the continuous promotion of urbanization, the generation of
   construction and demolition waste (CDW) is increasing.  The environmental
   problems and safety hazards caused as a result need to be resolved.  In this
   paper, based on the system dynamics (SD) theory, the modeling, the cost, and
   the environmental benefit of CDW resource management under the life cycle
   assessment (LCA) are proposed.  Specifically, we propose a combined policy
   derived through three variables, namely, fines, subsidies, and charges.  The
   target is to reduce illegal dumping behavior and landfill volume and to
   improve the recycling volume and environmental benefits.  The model is
   constructed with the help of the software VENSIM, and the validity and
   feasibility of the model are demonstrated with data from Nantong City.  The
   results show that a single policy cannot simultaneously improve
   environmental benefits, illegal dumping, recycling, and landfill behavior.
   A combined policy combines the advantages of three single policies, fines,
   subsidies, and charges, which not only can effectively curb illegal dumping
   and landfill disposal under the premise of prioritizing environmental
   benefits, but can also promote the recycling of CDW. The reasonable range
   for the fine is 300-350 CNY/ton; the rational range for subsidies is 30-40
   CNY/ton; and the flexible range for treatment charge is 40-80 CNY/ton.  The
   model can be used for the quantitative assessment of urban CDW management
   costs and environmental benefits and can also provide a theoretical basis
   for the government.
DE construction and demolition waste ( cdw ); system dynamics ( sd ); resource
   management; environmental benefit; life-cycle assessment ( lca )
ID system dynamics model; life-cycle assessment; highrise buildings; current
   situation; generation rates; impact; state

---

UT 237
AR Hsieh YH, 2010, KYBERNETES, V39, P1128, DOI 10.1108/03684921011062746
TI Modeling service experience design processes with customer expectation
   management A system dynamics perspective
AU Hsieh YH; Yuan ST
TC 19
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2010
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to propose a conceptual framework of
   customer expectation management and a reference model of service experience
   design which are regarded as the basic foundation to model the processes of
   service experience design for service operation strategies simulating and
   testing by employing a system dynamics approach.
   Design/methodology/approach - System dynamics is the key approach which
   includes causal loop diagrams and stock and flow diagrams used to build the
   reference model of experience design.  Simulations of the processes of
   service experience design have also been implemented by Vensim (R). Findings
   - It is found that the proposed reference model involving customer
   expectation management can successfully capture the key elements of the
   service experience design within service operation strategies.  The system
   dynamics approach can effectively enable a macro viewpoint of service
   experience design for service operation strategies and policies.  Practical
   implications - With the proposed reference model of service experience
   design and the system dynamics modeling approach, service providers cannot
   only comprehensively examine the processes of service experience design in
   detail but also accomplish the strategies testing and simulating.  Hence,
   service providers can make correct decisions to achieve the business goals
   via the simulation results beforehand.  Originality/value - This paper
   contributes to analyze and combine the idea of customer expectation
   management with service experience design and give rise to a unique
   reference model of service experience design that is shown to be valuable to
   service operation strategies testing and simulating based on the system
   dynamics perspective.
DE design; customer behavior; expectation; cybernetics; customer service
   management
ID satisfaction; technology

---

UT 238
AR Yao H, 2014, INT J CONSTR MANAG, V14, P67, DOI 10.1080/15623599.2014.899125
TI Simulation model for identifying effective policy in mitigating noise
   emissions from highway projects
AU Yao H; Hao JL
TC 3
SO INT J CONSTR MANAG
PY 2014
AB This paper develops a simulation model for the assessment of noise emissions
   from highway projects.  The model is implemented by utilizing the system
   dynamics approach and iThink software package.  The paper introduces the
   dynamic factors affecting the level of noise emissions by referring to the
   relevant feasibility studies of highway projects.  A real highway project is
   presented to demonstrate the application of the simulation model in
   assessing the level of noise emissions of the project.  The case study is
   used to explore the solutions for improving poor noise emissions performance
   through different policy scenarios.  This study shows that system dynamics
   approach can not only support analysis of impact of dynamic interactions
   between various factors affecting noise emissions from highway project, but
   is also capable of providing solutions for effectively controlling noise
   emissions.
DE system dynamics; ithink; highway noise; simulation model; policy scenarios

---

UT 239
AR Luo KK, 2018, LAT APPL RES, V48, P235
TI SCENARIO ANALYSIS OF LOW CARBON ENTERPRISES IN SICHUAN PROVINCE BASED ON
   NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING HIERARCHICAL DYNAMIC MODEL
AU Luo KK; Zhang LM
TC 0
SO LAT APPL RES
PY 2018
AB Low carbon economy has gradually become a hot topic in all walks of life.
   In order to analyze the development trend of low-carbon enterprises in
   Sichuan Province, this paper first uses the principle of system dynamics,
   combined with economics and mathematical statistics.  And all of that has
   been realized according to the method of cognitive calculation,
   comprehensive analysis and processing of data, adopting a large-scale
   sampling survey, screening samples, and using natural language processing
   model.  It deals with an analysis of the results to meet the development
   needs of low carbon enterprises in Sichuan province.  Aiming to analyze the
   development capability of low carbon enterprises in Sichuan Province, the
   computer simulation model of Vensim PLE, a special simulation software for
   system dynamics, was established.  In order to analyze the development trend
   of Sichuan low-carbon enterprises more effectively, this paper also uses the
   AHP method of qualitative analysis and quantitative analysis to evaluate the
   development ability of Sichuan low-carbon enterprises.  By comparing the
   simulation results, the good application prospect of system dynamics in
   scenario analysis of low carbon enterprises is verified.
DE low-carbon enterprises; analytic hierarchy process; system dynamics
ID policy

---

UT 240
AR Marreros RRA, 2021, INT J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL, V12, P620
TI Study of Post-COVID-19 Employability in Peru through a Dynamic Model,
   Between 2020 and 2025
AU Marreros RRA; Dionisio KVN; Tuanama LAR; Gutarra JAQ; Andrade-Arenas L
TC 2
SO INT J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL
PY 2021
AB The research work is focused on the sector of the population that will have
   a job, taking into account that the pandemic was a problem that resulted in
   many people losing their jobs due to the economic crisis that affected all
   countries because the first half of the year 2020 the equivalent of 400
   million full-time jobs were lost and there was a 14% drop in working hours
   worldwide, also in Lima 1.2 million people were left without work.  For this
   reason, a dynamic analysis was developed for the projection of post-COVID19
   employability in Peru from 2020 to 2025 to obtain an approximate knowledge
   of the population's labor outlook, implementing system dynamics as a
   methodology since it includes this recommendation, given that any model
   built through its application will be based on the opinion of those involved
   in the system to be represented.  In this work, system dynamics is presented
   as a very useful methodology for the analysis of complex problems,
   developing the Forrester and causal diagram with the help of Vensim
   software.  As a result, the approximate number of jobs that will be
   available was visualized, and it was observed that the future of
   employability will be at risk, which is why a good government strategy is
   necessary so that this does not happen since people need to satisfy their
   professional, economic and development needs.
DE employability; forrester diagram; population; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 241
AR Oesterreich TD, 2020, J MODEL MANAG, V15, P232, DOI 10.1108/JM2-01-2019-0002
TI Integrating system dynamics and VoFI for the dynamic visualization of
   financial implications arising from IT and IS investments
AU Oesterreich TD; Teuteberg F
TC 5
SO J MODEL MANAG
PY 2020
AB Purpose Despite the advantages that the VoFI approach offers compared with
   traditional capital budgeting methods, its application for the appraisal of
   information technology (IT) and information systems (IS) investments in both
   research and practice is not widespread to date.  Given the static nature of
   the generic VoFI table, the method reaches its limits in its financial plan
   form because it is unable to investigate the dynamic behaviour of complex
   investment calculations.  To date, there has been no attempt to address
   these shortcomings to advance the use of VoFI as a useful and valid capital
   budgeting method in finance and accounting.  Therefore, the purpose of this
   study is to address this research gap and aim at developing a 'dynamic' VoFI
   model that integrates all input variables and target measures of a VoFI
   table and visualises the causal relationships among these variables.
   Design/methodology/approach The 'dynamic' VoFI model is developed through
   System Dynamics (SD) modelling to enhance the strength of the VoFI concept
   as an instrument for visualising the financial implications of investments
   in IT and IS at the corporate level.  Case study research is used as a
   research method to study the behaviour of the developed model.  The validity
   of the model is demonstrated by conducting simulation runs in Vensim
   software.  In addition, probabilistic sensitivity analyses are performed to
   account for the impact of uncertainty on the main model variables.  Findings
   The results demonstrate the usefulness of SD modelling for extending the
   generic VoFI concept by integrating risk analyses and providing a new
   strategy of data analysis and data presentation different from the typical
   financial plan form.  Furthermore, the dynamic VoFI model enables the
   visualisation of interdependencies among the various variables incorporated
   in the VoFI financial plan, which significantly enhances the conceptual
   understanding of the investment and its financial consequences.
   Originality/value The integration of the VoFI concept into an SD model helps
   researchers and practitioners to enhance their conceptual understanding of
   this method.  This thus increases its acceptance and popularity as a
   practical capital budgeting method, especially for the financial assessment
   of IT and IS investments.  The VoFI model proposed in this paper should also
   enable analysts and decision makers to become more conscious of the
   interdependencies between the assumptions made for an appraisal and the
   quantitative results.
DE information-systems; decision-making; risk analysis; financial analysis;
   modeling; simulation; dynamic vofi; investment appraisal; capital budgeting;
   system dynamics
ID information; transparency; strategy; thinking; support; design

---

UT 242
AR Pang SL, 2022, COMPUT INTELL NEUROSCI, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/9776138
TI System Dynamics Models of Online Lending Platform Based on Vensim Simulation
   Technology and Analysis of Interest Rate Evolution Trend
AU Pang SL; Deng C/1; Chen SS
TC 5
SO COMPUT INTELL NEUROSCI
PY 2022
AB This paper mainly focuses on the construction of a system dynamics model of
   an online lending platform and the application of Vensim simulation
   technology in the analysis of the evolution trend of the investment interest
   rate.  The system dynamics flow graph models of the investment subsystem,
   loan subsystem, and interest rate subsystem of the online lending platform
   were innovatively constructed; the level variable, flow rate variable,
   auxiliary variable, and mathematical relations between these variables as
   they relate to the platform were innovatively studied.  Based on the key
   variables of the online lending platform, a system dynamics model of the
   online lending platform was innovatively constructed.  The parameters were
   assigned using data from China's online lending industry, and the logical
   consistency, sensitivity, and validity of the simulation data of the system
   dynamics model were tested.  Finally, we used Vensim simulation technology
   to simulate and analyze the impact of emergency scenarios on the interest
   rate evolution trend.  Overall, this paper provides a scientific simulation
   technology and data analysis method for examining online lending platforms.
ID peer

---

UT 243
AR Karamouz M, 2021, J IRRIG DRAIN ENG-ASCE, V147, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)IR.1943-4774.0001550
TI Dynamics of Water Allocation: Tradeoffs between Allocator's and Farmers'
   Benefits of Irrigation Practices
AU Karamouz M; Barkhordari H; Ebrahimi E
TC 4
SO J IRRIG DRAIN ENG-ASCE
PY 2021
AB Water dependencies and agricultural expansion have led to a remarkable
   increase in water demand.  Proper management of water supply and demand is a
   crucial challenge in planning for sustainable development.  Because the
   prevailing water allocation system in developing countries is based on low
   tariffs, particularly in the agricultural sector, a robust accounting cannot
   be implemented.  The objective of this paper is to investigate the economic
   value of a change from gravity to drip irrigation using groundwater
   resources.  It is implemented in the Rafsanjan plain, in central Iran, where
   the irrigation practices lead to unsustainable use of groundwater.  In this
   area, the allocator (water authority board) is a governmental agency that
   can receive funding from other governmental agencies to affect water use
   policies.  Considering the benefits accrued to the allocator and farmers
   (benefit for all agricultural water uses), the optimal investment in
   converting gravity irrigation systems to drip irrigation is determined.  An
   economic framework is proposed with two simulation models [Water Evaluation
   and Planning (WEAP) and Vensim] to evaluate the dynamics of the water use
   benefits.  According to the results, with expenditures of $65 million/year
   over a 25-year horizon, the discounted benefit to allocator and farmers in
   the year 2011 would be $60.48 and $911.9 million, respectively.  The
   framework outlined can provide a mechanism to allocate water in a more
   precise way as well as to determine the economic value of water in the
   agricultural sector.  The proposed methodology can be applied to other
   geographic settings.
DE water allocation; economic assessment; system dynamics; water supply and
   demand
ID system dynamics; resources; driven; model

---

UT 244
AR Luan WX, 2010, CHINESE GEOGR SCI, V20, P398, DOI 10.1007/s11769-010-0413-5
TI Simulating Mechanism of Interaction Between Ports and Cities Based on System
   Dynamics: A Case of Dalian, China
TC 13
SO CHIN GEOGR SCI
PY 2010
AB Port-city system is a complex and integral system, and it can be simulated
   by system dynamic method, which is used to be employed to solve nonlinear
   problems.  Based on the causality of the every element in the port-city
   system, the authors analyzed the feedback relation and logical relation
   among the system variables and system structure.  A system-dynamic flow
   chart and correlation equations were put forward with VENSIM software, the
   quantitative relation was described, and the model was debugged.  The
   development trend of the main influence factors in port-city system was
   simulated.  By changing the parameters values of variables in the model, we
   studied the influence degree of each related factor.  It is found that: 1)
   Foreign trade throughput of port play an important role in the development
   of export-oriented economy.  2) The development of primary industry and
   secondary industry affects most of the water transportation demand.  With
   the constant increase of tertiary industry proportion in the industrial
   structure, the demand of national economy for water transportation decreases
   gradually.  3) Water transportation presents a kind of oversupply
   development situation, so port construction should properly slow down.  4)
   With the development of ports, its direct and indirect contribution to urban
   economy has been continuously increasing, but contribution rate will be
   continuously decreasing.
DE port-city; system dynamics; dalian; china

---

UT 245
AR Polo DRM, 2014, DIMENS EMPRES, V12, P36
TI MODEL IMPLEMENTATION OF ICT IN THE SECTOR OF TRANSPORTATION IN BARRANQUILLA
   CITY USING DYNAMIC SYSTEMS
AU Polo DRM; Ojeda JAS; Caballero LEP; Palma HGH
TC 0
SO DIMENS EMPRES
PY 2014
AB Through the implementation of information technologies and communication, it
   is intended to greatly reduce the instability caused by factors in the
   transportation system.  The goal is to design a model of the transport
   sector in the city of Barranquilla with ICT implementation using system
   dynamics.  To fulfill this objective we used the system dynamics as a
   methodological tool to interpret the characteristics of the system in
   question and determine the interactions of its factors and structures that
   shape organizational behavior and processes of production management
   services.  The model applied is the management and structural relations are
   the key points of its construction, then proposes the construction of causal
   diagrams or Forrester diagrams which are implemented in Vensim simulation
   software to build models that allow through causal diagrams or text version.
   By obtaining this model proposes an improvement in mobility as a solution to
   traffic jams caused by natural phenomena such as streams or those caused by
   the peak hours.
DE system dynamics; modeling; methodological tools; organizational behavior

---

UT 246
AR Kiani B, 2009, INT J QUAL RELIAB MA, V26, P685, DOI
   10.1108/02656710910975750
TI System dynamics approach to analysing the cost factors effects on cost of
   quality
AU Kiani B; Shirouyehzad H; Bafti FK; Fouladgar H
TC 54
SO INT J QUAL RELIAB MANAG
PY 2009
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to propose a model for analysing the
   influence of costs of quality.  Design/methodology/approach - A model is
   designed by using a causal loop diagram and is analysed through a system
   dynamics approach.  The model simulation is prepared by Vensim software.
   Findings - Prevention and appraisal costs are the two effective cost
   factors.  The model represented in this paper reveals that prevention costs
   have the most effect on total cost of quality and especially external
   failure costs.  Hence, in order to achieve the customer expected quality
   level, prevention and appraisal costs should be considered.  Research
   limitations/implications - Calculating and measuring non-conformance costs
   is very difficult in organizations and some errors and mistakes may happen.
   Practical implications - A system dynamics approach can analyse and measure
   the amount of prevention cost effects on cost of quality in different
   organizations.  Originality/value - The proposed methodology demonstrates
   the use of an innovative approach in developing a cost of quality concept
   and constructing a practical framework for system dynamics in a real case.
DE quality costs; modeling; business analysis; organizational processes

---

UT 247
AR Quispe D, 2023, ECOL APL, V22, P113, DOI 10.21704/rea.v22i2.2087
TI MODEL OF VICUNA-SHEEP INTERACTION IN RESERVA NACIONAL PAMPA GALERAS
AU Quispe D; Quispe J
TC 0
SO ECOL APL
PY 2023
AB The highland is the habitat of the camelids; the vicu na is the smallest
   wild camelid with a fine fiber.  The Reserva Nacional Pampa Galeras -
   Barbara D'Achille (RNPG) in Peru has been home to vicunas since ancient
   times, where the vicunas coexist with domestic animals.  The objective of
   this research was to analyze the effect that the presence of sheep
   population generates on the temporal stability of the vicuna population in
   the RNPG under the system dynamics approach.  The methodology consisted of
   using a socio-ecological model that considers the main relationships of the
   ecosystem and four scenarios were proposed, the first considers variations
   in the variables associated with the sheep (food consumption by the sheep
   and time spent in the reserve) and three scenarios considering changes in
   precipitation (permanent rainfall of different intensity, rainfall with
   periodic maximum and minimum pulses and random rainfall) using Stella
   software.  The main results indicate that the population of sheep does not
   directly influence of the vicuna population because the behavior of vicunas
   in all scenarios tends to self-regulate over time (10 years). The sheep
   population shows temporal permanence in the RNPG; and their presence is
   inversely associated with the rainy season, which suggests that the rural
   families access the reserve to marginally use the pastures during the dry
   season.
DE socio-ecological model; competition; stability; interaction; domesticated
   animals
ID productivity; challenges; management

---

UT 248
AR Woo TH/2, 2015, ANN NUCL ENERGY, V81, P91, DOI 10.1016/j.anucene.2015.03.016
TI Social networking-based simulations for nuclear security: Strategy
   assessment following nuclear cyber terror on South Korean nuclear power
   plants (NPPs)
AU Woo TH/2; Kwak SM
TC 6
SO ANN NUCL ENERGY
PY 2015
AB Nuclear energy has been studied for the secure power productions, which is
   based on the simulation study following the incident of nuclear cyber terror
   attack on South Korean nuclear power plants (NPPs). The social networking is
   used for the terror incident modeling and its prevention strategies.  The
   nuclear industry could be investigated in the aspect of minimizing the
   dangerous situations caused by possible terror attacks which are considered
   by the society oriented connectivity among the related people or groups.
   The social networking circle by system dynamics diagram (SNCSD) is
   constructed, where the configuration of a model social networking example by
   system dynamics (SD) is applied.  From A to H regions, the values are
   obtained by the random numbers incorporated with the designed algorithms.
   The results show the comparative values of terror possibilities which are
   based on the proposed social networking algorithm.  It is possible to
   prepare for potential terrorism in the nuclear industry.  (C) 2015 Elsevier
   Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE cyber terror; social networking circle by system dynamics diagram ( sncsd );
   social networking service ( sns ); system dynamics ( sd ); vensim

---

UT 249
AR Mehrjerdi YZ, 2017, ELECTRON LIBR, V35, P374, DOI 10.1108/EL-02-2015-0022
TI Library performance evaluation in a dynamic environment using patron
   satisfaction
AU Mehrjerdi YZ
TC 4
SO ELECTRON LIBR
PY 2017
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to propose a new model for studying
   the patron's satisfaction level over time for library systems.  For this
   purpose, it is necessary to identify the key factors that are influential in
   nature.  Thereafter, this paper explains and shows the procedure used for
   developing the causal loop diagram, the flow diagram, mathematical modelling
   and the simulation of the problem.  A sample problem is used to show the
   applicability of the proposed model.  Because the proposed methodology
   allows management to look into the patrons' satisfaction level over time, it
   makes a significant contribution to the literature of the library and
   information management, as well as dynamic simulation modelling.
   Design/methodology/approach - This paper is written based on the studies and
   observations from scientific journals and reports.  For model development
   purposes, the author has used the concept of systems thinking and systems
   dynamics to model the complex systems and simulate that using Vensim
   computer simulation software.  Findings - As the trend of patron's
   satisfaction shows, it is possible to improve the satisfaction level over
   time to a level above 60 per cent from 48 per cent over the simulation
   running periods.  Meanwhile, the level of donation is up from 10 to 40 per
   cent in the same period as the satisfaction level has been studied.  Because
   this is the first paper that looks into such important variables over time
   using systems dynamics, it makes significant contribution to the field of
   library and information management.  Originality/value - In almost all
   library models for patron's satisfaction calculation, the proposed models
   are static and can find this value for a point of time rather than over a
   long period of time.  In this paper, a system with an initial value of
   patron's satisfaction level was used, and by taking all key factors into
   consideration, the author has developed a system that calculates patron's
   satisfaction trend over time.  Also, the proposed dynamic model is able to
   determine the level of donations that patrons can make to the library over
   time.
DE customer satisfaction; systems dynamics; library performance
ID users satisfaction; quality; efficiency; model; qfd

---

UT 250
AR Luo YF, 2009, PADDY WATER ENVIRON, V7, P1, DOI 10.1007/s10333-008-0146-6
TI Application of system dynamics approach for time varying water balance in
   aerobic paddy fields
AU Luo YF; Khan S; Cui YL; Peng SZ
TC 17
SO PADDY WATER ENV
PY 2009
AB Increasing water scarcity has necessitated the development of irrigated rice
   systems that require less water than the traditional flooded rice.  The
   cultivation of aerobic rice is an effort to save water in response to
   growing worldwide water scarcity with the pressure to reduce water use and
   increase water productivity.  An accurate estimation of different water
   balance components at the aerobic rice fields is essential to achieve
   effective use of limited water supplies.  Some field water balance
   components, such as percolation, capillary rise and evapotranspiration, can
   not be easily measured; therefore a soil water balance model is required to
   develop and to test water management strategies.  This paper presents
   results of a study to quantify time varying water balance under a critical
   soil water tension based irrigation criteria for the cultivation of non-
   ponded "aerobic rice'' fields along the lower parts of the Yellow River.
   Based on the analysis and integration of existing field information on the
   hydrologic processes in an aerobic rice field, this paper outlines the
   general components of the water balance using a conceptual model approach.
   The time varying water balance is then analyzed using the feedback relations
   among the hydrologic processes in a commercial dynamic modeling environment,
   Vensim.  The model simulates various water balance components such as actual
   evapotranspiration, deep percolation, surface runoff, and capillary rise in
   the aerobic rice field on a daily basis.  The model parameters are validated
   with the observed experimental field data from the Huibei Irrigation
   Experiment Station, Kaifeng, China.  The validated model is used to analyze
   irrigation application soil water tension trigger under wet, dry and average
   climate conditions using daily time steps.  The scenario analysis show that
   to conserve scarce water resources during the average climate years the
   irrigation scheduling criteria can be set as -30 kPa average root zone soil
   water tension; whereas it can be set at -70 kPa during the dry years,
   however, the associated yields may reduce.  Compared with the flooded
   lowland rice and other upland crops, with these two alternatives irrigation
   event triggers, aerobic rice cultivation can lead to significant water
   savings.
DE soil water balance; aerobic rice; water savings; system dynamics; irrigation
   scheduling; vensim
ID modeling approach; hydraulic conductivity; exploring options; less water;
   rice; performance

---

UT 251
AR Wang HH, 2014, J COAST CONSERV, V18, P609, DOI 10.1007/s11852-014-0328-x
TI Utilization effectiveness of marine functional zones using system dynamics
   for China: modeling and assessment
AU Wang HH; Li MR; Hu NP; Gao YM
TC 9
SO J COAST CONSERV
PY 2014
AB The marine functional zoning(MFZ) for China is a new large-scale, ecosystem-
   based zoning policy for management of development and use in the marine
   environment.  The system dynamic (SD) method is used to evaluate the
   utilization effectiveness of existed marine functional zones (MFZs)
   quantitatively for China.  As a case study, an impact assessment system is
   constructed to obtain the cause and effect feedback chart of the mariculture
   functional zones in Qingdao city, China.  A feedback SD model and the main
   control loops are developed to analyze the utilization effectiveness of the
   mariculture functional zones.  Vensim software is applied to the assessment
   for the mariculture functional zones of Qingdao.  The results provide an
   effective support for policies and legislation for the division of MFZs.
   Analysis results and simulations are presented to verify and validate the
   proposed model.
DE marine functional zoning; system dynamics; utilization effectiveness; marine
   policy
ID policy; tools

---

UT 252
AR Asif FMA, 2015, RESOUR CONSERV RECYCL, V101, P20, DOI
   10.1016/j.resconrec.2015.05.002
TI System dynamics models for decision making in product multiple lifecycles
AU Asif FMA; Rashid A; Bianchi C; Nicolescu CM
TC 22
SO RESOUR CONSERV RECYCL
PY 2015
AB The main drivers for adopting product multiple lifecycles are to gain
   ecological and economic advantages.  However, in most of the cases it is not
   straight forward to estimate the potential ecological and economic gain that
   may result from adopting product multiple lifecycles.  Even though many
   researchers have concluded that product multiple lifecycles result in gain,
   there are examples which indicate that the gain is often marginal or even
   none in many cases.  The purpose of this research is to develop system
   dynamics models that can assist decision makers in assessing and analysing
   the potential gain of product multiple lifecycles considering the dynamics
   of material scarcity.  The foundation of the research presented in this
   paper is laid based on literature review.  System dynamics principles have
   been used for modelling and simulations have been done on Stella iThink
   platform.  The data used in the models have been extracted from different
   reports published by World Steel Association and U.S. Geological Survey.
   Some of the data have been assumed based on expert estimation.  The data on
   iron ore reserves, iron and steel productions and consumptions have been
   used in the models.  This research presents the first system dynamics model
   for decision making in product multiple lifecycles which takes into
   consideration the dynamics of material scarcity.  Physical unavailability
   and price of material are the two main factors that would drive product
   multiple lifecycles approach and more sustainable decisions can be made if
   it is done by taking holistic system approach over longer time horizon.  For
   an enterprise it is perhaps not attractive to conserve a particular type of
   material through product multiple lifecycles approach which is naturally
   abundant but extremely important if the material becomes critical.  An
   enterprise could through engineering, proper business model and marketing
   may increase the share of multiple lifecycle products which eventually would
   help the enterprise to reduce its dependency on critical materials.  (C)
   2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
DE system dynamic; resource scarcity; resources policy; material criticality;
   multiple-lifecycle; resource conservation
ID loop supply chains; exhaustible resources; growth; limits

---

UT 253
AR Crookes DJ, 2016, S AFR J ECON MANAG S, V19, P733, DOI
   [10.4102/sajems.v19i5.1587, 10.17159/2222-3436/2016/v19n5a4]
TI PREDATOR-PREY ANALYSIS USING SYSTEM DYNAMICS: AN APPLICATION TO THE STEEL
   INDUSTRY
AU Crookes DJ/1; Blignaut JN
TC 16
SO AFR J ECON MANAG SCI
PY 2016
AB In this paper, we use a predator-prey model to simulate intersectoral
   dynamics, with the global steel sector as the prey that supplies inputs and
   the automotive sector as the predator that demands its inputs.  A further
   prey, an additional upstream supply sector, namely the iron ore sector, is
   added to reflect the implications of scarcity and resource limitations for
   industrial development and economic prospects.  We find that capacity
   constraints in the steel industry could limit the future supply of vehicles,
   a result exacerbated by the unsustainable use of iron ore reserves.  The
   solution is not for marginal steel industries to close, but for steelmakers
   to adapt and move to less resource-demanding secondary steelmaking
   technology rather than focusing on primary steelmaking.  The forecasting
   capabilities of the model are compared with the outputs from a neural-
   network model.  Although the results are comparable over the short term (+/-
   10 years), over the long term, results diverge, showing that forecasting
   steel-industry dynamics is complex and that further work is required to
   disentangle the drivers of supply and demand.  This study indicates the
   potential advantages of using predator-prey models in modelling the supply
   chain in economics.
DE predator-prey; steel; vehicles; iron ore; system dynamics; neural-network;
   vensim
ID neural-network; model; arima

---

UT 254
AR Neuwirth C, 2017, ENV MODEL SOFTW, V96, P140, DOI
   10.1016/j.envsoft.2017.06.017
TI System dynamics simulations for data-intensive applications
AU Neuwirth C
TC 11
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2017
AB Simulation modeling is increasingly perceived as a methodological asset to
   the field of data science.  Nonetheless, adequate graphical database
   interfaces are missing especially for most System Dynamics (SD) simulation
   tools.  SimSyn is freely available middleware used to link together models
   developed in VENSIM with a PostgreSQL database for spanning SD models over
   geographic or multi-dimensional parameter space.  The capabilities of SimSyn
   are demonstrated by simulating terrestrial carbon storage for 10,000 years
   on a 5 arc-min raster mesh with 278,115 grid cells.  Results indicated the
   reasonable performance of data-linked simulations (7, 500 to 10,000 runs per
   15 min) and a considerable increase of computational overheads associated
   with additional time series inputs.  Apart from increasing performance, the
   incorporation of SD interoperability standards is a key objective for the
   further development of SimSyn.  (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE simulation modeling; data science; uncertainty; parameter space; geographic
   space; open-source software

---

UT 255
AR Zheng CH, 2018, J DISCRET MATH SCI CRYPTOGR, V21, P1211, DOI
   10.1080/09720529.2018.1525129
TI Analysis of technology diffusion in agricultural industry cluster based on
   system dynamics and simulation model
AU Zheng CH; Huang HL
TC 2
SO J DISCRET MATH SCI CRYPTOGR
PY 2018
AB The process of technology diffusion in an agricultural industry cluster is
   different from that in general markets.  Extending the assumption of the
   Bass model by considering multiple developments of technology diffusion,
   sluggish message sharing and unstable market, the dynamic model of
   technology diffusion was established by using the Vensim-PLE as a simulator
   to conduct the present research.  The results showed that this model meets
   the needs of actual agricultural industry clusters and can be a theoretical
   guidance for farmers or enterprises if they intend to practice technology
   diffusion in an agriculture industrial cluster.
DE agricultural industry cluster; technology diffusion; system dynamics; bass
   model

---

UT 256
AR Lan TS, 2013, MATH PROBL ENG, V2013, DOI 10.1155/2013/298621
TI A Study of Developing a System Dynamics Model for the Learning Effectiveness
   Evaluation
AU Lan TS; Lan YH; Chen KL; Chen PC; Lin WC
TC 5
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2013
AB This study used the research method of system dynamics and applied the
   Vensim software to develop a learning effectiveness evaluation model.  This
   study developed four cause-and-effect chains affecting learning
   effectiveness, including teachers' teaching enthusiasm, family involvement,
   school's implementation of scientific activities, and creative teaching
   method, as well as the system dynamics model based on the four cause-and-
   effect chains.  Based on the developed system dynamic model, this study
   performed simulation to investigate the relationship among family
   involvement, learning effectiveness, teaching achievement, creative teaching
   method, and students' learning interest.  The results of this study verified
   that there are positive correlations between family involvement and
   students' learning effectiveness, as well as students' learning
   effectiveness and teachers' teaching achievements.  The results also
   indicated that the use of creative teaching method is able to increase
   students' learning interest and learning achievement.
ID students

---

UT 257
AR Sapiri H, 2011, AFR J BUS MANAG, V5, P902
TI System dynamics approach in analyzing impact of demographic and salary risks
   on pension expenditure
AU Sapiri H; Kamil AA; Tahar RM; Tumin H
TC 1
SO AFR J BUS MANAG
PY 2011
AB Public pension plan in Malaysia is studied to analyze pension expenditure
   due to salary and demographic risks.  Through the literature review and
   interview session with several officers in public sector, factors affecting
   pension expenditure are determined.  The System Dynamic model is later
   developed using iThink software to show how demographic and salary changes
   affect the pension expenditure.  Then, by using actual data, the impact of
   demographic and salary risks on pension expenditure is analyzed.  The
   dynamics simulation model developed in this paper offers a useful tool for
   analyzing pension expenditure as a result of demographic and salary risks.
DE demographics and salary risk; pension expenditure; system dynamics; public
   policy

---

UT 258
AR Ding ZK, 2016, WASTE MANAGE, V51, P130, DOI 10.1016/j.wasman.2016.03.001
TI A system dynamics-based environmental performance simulation of construction
   waste reduction management in China
AU Ding ZK; Yi GZ; Tam VWY/1; Huang TY
TC 201
SO WASTE MANAG
PY 2016
AB A huge amount of construction waste has been generated from increasingly
   higher number of construction activities than in the past, which has
   significant negative impacts on the environment if they are not properly
   managed.  Therefore, effective construction waste management is of primary
   importance for future sustainable development.  Based on the theory of
   planned behaviors, this paper develops a system dynamic model of
   construction waste reduction management at the construction phase to
   simulate the environmental benefits of construction waste reduction
   management.  The application of the proposed model is shown using a case
   study in Shenzhen, China.  Vensim is applied to simulate and analyze the
   model.  The simulation results indicate that source reduction is an
   effective waste reduction measure which can reduce 27.05% of the total waste
   generation.  Sorting behaviors are a premise for improving the construction
   waste recycling and reuse rates which account for 15.49% of the total waste
   generated.  The environmental benefits of source reduction outweigh those of
   sorting behaviors.  Therefore, to achieve better environmental performance
   of the construction waste reduction management, attention should be paid to
   source reduction such as low waste technologies and on-site management
   performance.  In the meantime, sorting behaviors encouragement such as
   improving stakeholders' waste awareness, refining regulations, strengthening
   government supervision and controlling illegal dumping should be emphasized.
   (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE construction waste reduction management; system dynamics; theory of planned
   behaviors
ID demolition waste; model; shenzhen; policy

---

UT 259
AR Salvati RO, 2026, IEEE ACCESS, V14, P44816, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2026.3674331
TI A System Dynamics Model for Evaluation of Residential Demand-Side Management
   Strategies With Photovoltaic Generation, Electric Vehicles, and Battery
   Storage
AU Salvati RO; Teive RCG
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2026
AB The increasing penetration of distributed energy resources in the
   residential sector, including photovoltaic generation (PV), electric
   vehicles (EV), and battery energy storage systems, has significantly altered
   electricity consumption patterns and introduced new challenges for energy
   management.  These technologies, combined with time-of-use (TOU) tariffs,
   require analytical tools capable of representing the dynamic interactions
   among consumption, generation, storage, and tariff structures.  This paper
   proposes a modular simulation model based on System Dynamics to evaluate
   residential electricity consumption, energy costs, and demand profile under
   different technological configurations and demand-side management (DSM)
   strategies.  The model was implemented in Vensim and integrates residential
   load profiles, PV generation based on peak sun hours, EV charging schedules,
   behind-the-meter battery storage, and both flat and TOU tariffs.  DSM
   strategies based on load shifting were incorporated to evaluate their impact
   on cost reduction and system performance.  Simulation results demonstrate
   that the effectiveness of TOU tariffs strongly depends on load management
   strategies and the coordination between PV generation and battery storage.
   In the most complete scenario, DSM reduced the discounted payback period
   from approximately 6.0 years to 4.7 years under time-of-use tariffs,
   representing an improvement of 1.3 years.  The proposed model provides a
   flexible and integrated framework for analyzing residential energy systems
   and supports decision-making related to distributed energy resource
   integration and tariff selection.
DE tariffs; load modeling; batteries; costs; electric vehicle charging;
   photovoltaic systems; mathematical models; system dynamics; distributed
   power-generation; home appliances; demand-side management; battery storage;
   system dynamics; electric vehicles; photovoltaic generation; residential
   energy modeling

---

UT 260
AR Abdikarimova D, 2026, ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV, V92, DOI 10.1016/j.esd.2026.101966
TI Understanding the dynamics of household solar PV adoption in Uzbekistan
AU Abdikarimova D; Ibragimov A; Sidique SF; Arifuzzaman M; Brindal M
TC 0
SO ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2026
AB Uzbekistan is embarking on a transition in renewable energy to meet its 2030
   goals of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 35% and increasing the share
   of renewables in electricity generation to more than 50%. Although there is
   considerable potential for solar energy, the uptake of solar photovoltaic
   (PV) systems in residential settings is hindered by financial, regulatory,
   and behavioral challenges.  This study employs a system dynamics approach to
   assess the impact of various policy interventions-specifically feed-in
   tariffs, tax exemptions, installation rebates, subsidized loans, and green
   certificates-on the adoption of residential photovoltaic systems in
   Uzbekistan.  The analysis utilizes a causal loop diagram alongside a stock
   and flow model developed in Vensim to simulate different scenarios,
   assessing the effects of these interventions on the enhancement of
   photovoltaic capacity, revenue generation, and the reduction of carbon
   dioxide emissions.  The results demonstrate that subsidized loans represent
   the most efficient policy tool, promoting sustainable growth in photovoltaic
   adoption and achieving significant emissions reduction outcomes.  The
   findings provide crucial information for decisionmakers in Uzbekistan and
   similar developing nations.  They emphasize the importance of direct
   financial assistance strategies to overcome investment challenges and
   accelerate the shift towards renewable energy.  This study highlights the
   importance of system dynamics modeling as a key tool for developing
   effective and sustainable energy strategies.
DE uzbekistan; energy transition; household adoption; renewable energy policy;
   financial incentives
ID system dynamics; innovation; diffusion; behavior

---

UT 261
AR Di Nardo M, 2022, APPL SYST INNOV, V5, DOI 10.3390/asi5030045
TI A New Hybrid Dynamic FMECA with Decision-Making Methodology: A Case Study in
   an Agri-Food Company
AU Di Nardo M; Murino T; Osteria G; Santillo LC
TC 22
SO APPL SYST INNOV
PY 2022
AB The Failure Mode and Effect Analysis (FMEA) is often used to improve a
   system's reliability.  This paper proposes a new approach that aims to
   overcome the most critical defects of the traditional FMEA. This new
   methodology combines the Entropy and Best Worst Method (BWM) methodology
   with the EDAS and System Dynamics, FMECA: The EN-B-ED Dynamic FMECA. The
   main innovation point of the proposed work is the presence of an unknown
   factor (Cost) that allows to obtain an objective weighted factor, a risk
   index when a machine failure occurs.  The criticality analysis has been
   carried out using software (Vensim PLE x64) to simulate System Dynamics
   models to identify corrective actions and evaluate the possible
   implementation of these actions.  The methodology proposed is applied to a
   case study in a relevant Italian company in the agri-food sector.
DE fmea; fmeca; mcdm; entropy method; bwm; edas method; system dynamics
ID system failure mode; risk-evaluation; fuzzy topsis; framework

---

UT 262
AR Ismaeel WSE, 2022, ARCH ENG DES MANAG, V18, P368, DOI
   10.1080/17452007.2021.1889955
TI Sustainable site selection using system dynamics; case study LEED-certified
   project
AU Ismaeel WSE
TC 22
SO ARCH ENG DES MANAG
PY 2022
AB This study establishes a dynamic modelling for site-related credits.
   Guidelines of the 'Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design' (LEED)
   system are used for the context and project levels under Location and
   Transportation (LT) and Sustainable Sites (SS) categories, respectively.
   The research steps are; determining site-dependent credits based on LEED
   project checklist and credit-weighting calculator, calculating the
   dependency coefficient of credits and categories, developing representative
   causal-effect feedback loops and a stock-and-flow model using VENSIM-PLE and
   testing two alternative project site locations.  Studying these intrinsic
   relations reveals that proper site selection may earn the project 63% of
   total available points which qualifies it to LEED Gold certification level.
   The results show the dominant effect of site selection on the context and
   site-related credits.  It also shows the latent effect on other sustainable
   categories; the highest impact is seen for energy-related credits (EA),
   followed by indoor environmental quality (IEQ), materials and resources (MR)
   and finally for water efficiency (WE). Comparing site-dependent credits for
   LEED Version 3.0 and 4.0 shows that they are less in WE and EA for the
   latter and more for the MR and IEQ categories.  This shows that the improper
   selection of a project site may eventually lead to downsizing building
   performance.  Furthermore, the proposed model establishes a dynamic
   predictive tracing and evaluation mechanism for the rate and pattern of
   point-scoring scenarios to achieve sustainability targets and level of
   certification.  It also proposes a new datum to assess the sustainability of
   site locations; both in a comparative and absolute manner.
DE causal-effect feedback loops; leed; stock-and-flow model; sustainable site
   selection; system dynamics
ID buildings

---

UT 263
AR Ni GD, 2022, FRONT PSYCHOL, V13, DOI 10.3389/fpsyg.2022.888060
TI Formation Mechanism and Dynamic Evolution Laws About Unsafe Behavior of New
   Generation of Construction Workers Based on China's Construction Industry:
   Application of Grounded Theory and System Dynamics
AU Ni GD; Lv L; Wang SB; Miao XY; Fang YQ; Liu Q
TC 19
SO PSYCHOL
PY 2022
AB Construction workers' unsafe behavior is a major cause of safety accidents
   and injuries, therefore, a profound understanding of the formation process
   and evolution laws about construction workers' unsafe behavior is conducive
   to taking measures to prevent incidents.  At present, the new generation of
   construction workers (NGCWs) born after 1980 are gradually becoming the main
   force at construction sites in China.  Given that generational differences
   of construction workers can cause the discrepancies in their thoughts and
   attitudes when engaging in safety-related activities, this study aims to
   investigate the formation mechanism and dynamic evolution laws about NGCWs'
   unsafe behavior based on the context of China's construction industry.  From
   the perspective of behavior motivation, in-depth semi-structured interviews
   with 18 NGCWs and 7 grassroots managers were conducted, and data analysis
   followed a three-step coding process based on grounded theory.  Through
   continuous comparison, abstraction and analysis, the stimulus-organism-
   response theory was introduced and expanded to construct a three-stage
   formation mechanism model.  On this basis, the causal diagram and stock flow
   diagram were developed based on system dynamics principles to reflect the
   dynamic feedback relationships of the factors in the static formation
   mechanism model, and simulation was carried out using Vensim PLE software.
   The results show that three types of internal needs and three types of
   external incentives stimulate corresponding motivations for NGCWs' unsafe
   behavior.  Two types of individual factors, five types of situational
   factors and behavior result play an influencing role in the decision-making
   process of externalizing motivation into behavior.  Under the synergistic
   effect of multiple factors, the level of unsafe behavior displays a downward
   trend, and the rate of decrease is slow first and then fast.  Furthermore,
   among individual factors and situational factors, safety awareness and
   safety management system have the most significant effect on the level of
   unsafe behavior, while situational factors play a more obvious role.  The
   findings can provide theoretical support and practical references to China's
   construction companies and government departments for the purpose of
   improving NGCWs' unsafe behavior.
DE unsafe behavior; formation mechanism; dynamic evolution laws; new generation
   of construction workers; behavior motivation; grounded theory; system
   dynamics
ID occupational-safety; demographic-factors; physical-activity; risk
   perception; self-efficacy; young workers; motivation; attitudes; climate;
   interventions

---

UT 264
AR Marey H, 2024, CLEAN MATER, V11, DOI 10.1016/j.clema.2024.100221
TI Green concrete materials selection for achieving circular economy in
   residential buildings using system dynamics
AU Marey H; Kozma G; Szabó G
TC 15
SO CLEAN MATER
PY 2024
AB Increasing the number of residential buildings due to rapid urbanization
   growth has led to the massive consumption of concrete materials and
   significant negative environmental impacts worldwide.  Properly selecting
   green concrete (GC) materials in residential projects can promote
   sustainable construction practices and achieve a circular economy (CE). This
   paper aims to identify and analyze the parameters affecting GC material
   selection based on CE principles by developing a system dynamic (SD) model
   to investigate the environmental and economic benefits during the
   construction process.  The system dynamic-based framework (SD-BF) is used to
   investigate the simulation interaction of the variables between the GC
   original scenario and several hypothetical scenarios through the simulation
   process, including fly ash concrete (FA) and recycled aggregate concrete
   (RAC). The causal loop diagrams (CLD) and stock and flow (SF) diagrams are
   created to investigate the inner relations among the GC variables that can
   achieve CE. The SD model was applied for a residential building case study
   in New Cairo City, Egypt, using Vensim to simulate and analyse the most
   appropriate GC scenarios regarding cement, natural aggregate, CO2 emissions,
   cost-effectiveness, and waste generation.  The results showed that using
   various concrete scenarios could enhance the GC selection for CE principles,
   in which cement reduction is the most effective variable, and the reduction
   reached 19.8% and 11.4% in the most optimum scenarios, while the natural
   aggregate (NA) reduction reached 19.1% compared with the original scenario.
   This development is vital for achieving CE and closing the concrete
   materials loop, which helps construction decision-makers select suitable
   concrete materials for future residential projects.
DE green concrete; system dynamics; resource efficiency; circular economy;
   residential building; egypt
ID co2 emissions; recycled aggregate; fly-ash; mechanical-properties;
   sustainable cement; energy-consumption; high-volume; waste; model;
   durability

---

UT 265
AR Guo JY, 2021, ADV CIV ENG, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/6672038
TI Study of a System Dynamics Model of Wuhan Commodity Housing Price
AU Guo JY; Wang JW; Liu DH; Qiao S; Wu H
TC 0
SO ADV CIV ENG
PY 2021
AB Commodity housing is the most important product in the development of modern
   civil engineering, and it is also the frontier problem of modern engineering
   project management research.  The progress of civil engineering in China can
   be seen to a great extent through the development of commercial housing.  In
   order to solve the severe problem of rapid growth of commodity housing price
   in China, considering the advantages of system dynamics theory, a system
   dynamics model of commodity housing price is constructed.  Eight subsystems,
   namely, housing demand, housing supply, housing price, urban population,
   urban economy, housing land, housing tenancy, and macro-control, are
   studied.  Taking the relevant data of Wuhan as an example, the Vensim DSS is
   used for simulations.  In addition, a validity test and sensitivity test are
   used to verify the validity and feasibility of the model, respectively.
   Based on the model, it is successfully predicted that the price of
   commercial housing in Wuhan will reach 18,207.9 yuan/m(2) in 2030, which
   provides a more systematic method of prediction for synthesis simulation of
   commercial housing markets.  From the perspective of the developer loan
   interest rate, real estate tax rate, purchase restriction, and other
   policies, we show that the developer loan interest rate regulation policy
   has the strongest effect on guiding the change in commercial housing prices
   in Wuhan.  Generally, this study provides insight into the responses that
   the national government could use to control housing prices.

---

UT 266
AR Ghaedi H, 2017, QUID-INVESTIG CIENC TECNOL, P46
TI INVESTIGATING THE PROBLEM OF POLLUTION IN CITIES AND PROVIDING THE SOLUTIONS
   USING SYSTEM DYNAMICS METHOD
AU Ghaedi H; Amindoust A
TC 0
SO QUID-INVESTIG CIENC TECNOL
PY 2017
AB The greatest environmental problem of cities is air pollution that natural
   and human factors are involved in creating it.  Natural factors influencing
   it include city surrounding by mountains, lack of constant winds with proper
   speed, and low rainfall.  Among the human factors, we can refer to existence
   of large numbers of vehicles and cars, introduction of excessive new cars to
   urban traffic cycle, insufficient or reluctance to use public transport
   systems and the cheap price of fuel.  The concentration of atmospheric
   pollutants in the cities in many cases is several times more than the
   allowed level, followed by short and long term adverse effects.  The first
   step to control air pollution of the cities is the identification of
   effective resources and sharing the relative pollution production rate.
   Sources of pollution include stationary sources (units with different land
   uses including residential units, factories, and industrial workshops, and
   refinery) and mobile sources (including public and private light and heavy
   vehicles). Methods to determine the relative contribution of the sources
   include the use of emission factors and calculating emissions at the source
   of pollution production that the focus of this method is on emission source.
   Another approach is to focus on the current situation by measuring the
   concentration in pollution monitoring stations or reverse modeling to detect
   emission source.  In this research, the transport system of cities and its
   impact on air pollution, the economy, and the population are studied.
   Effective variables and parameters were identified and causal loops were
   designed and the equations and model were calibrated and validated using
   information and Vensim software that showed very good accuracy.  Using this
   model, the effect of different scenarios to reduce air pollution caused by
   transport was investigated.
DE pollution of cities; system dynamics method; air pollution reduction;
   traffic reduction
ID model

---

UT 267
AR Cheng LL, 2017, J AEROSP TECHNOL MANAG, V9, P495, DOI 10.5028/jatm.v9i4.648
TI A Prediction Model for Night Recovery of Embarked Aircrafts Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Cheng LL; Yue KZ; Huang ZH
TC 0
SO J AEROSP TECHNOL MANAG
PY 2017
AB In order to make a sensible prediction on the air traffic flow management
   with conditions of wave-off and bolter, a system dynamic model for the night
   recovery operations of embarked aircrafts is built to ensure the adaption of
   air traffic flow with the capacity of air control at each phase of the
   recovery operations.  The model aims at the characteristics of multiple
   feedbacks, delays and complex time varying, builds a stock flow diagram and
   operation model with impact factors of the night recovery system, and is
   simulated in Vensim (R) Personal Learning Edition 5.9. The simulation shows
   a reasonable prediction result for the night recovery of embarked aircrafts
   with conditions of bolter and wave-off and can provide a theoretical basis
   for scheduling the air traffic flow management of embarked aircrafts
   formation recovery.
DE air traffic flow management; recovery embarked aircrafts formation; system
   dynamics; complex system modeling
ID traffic flow management

---

UT 268
AR Yang B, 2019, J COAST RES, P891, DOI 10.2112/SI94-176.1
TI Dynamics Model and Simulation of Core Competence of Maritime Logistics
   Enterprises for Service Innovation
AU Yang B; Xie L
TC 1
SO J COAST RES
PY 2019
AB The changes in the maritime service market have brought unprecedented
   challenges to maritime service enterprises.  This paper uses the method of
   system dynamics to study the causal relationship of the core competence of
   maritime logistics enterprises from the perspective of service innovation by
   analyzing its influencing factors and evolution process, thus constructs the
   system dynamics model of the evolution of core competence of maritime
   logistics enterprises, and then uses Vensim PLE to simulate the model.
   Through the verification and analysis of the validity and sensitivity of the
   simulation model, it shows that the model can fit the evolution process of
   the core competence of the maritime logistics enterprise, reveal the process
   and mechanism of it, and provide management strategy for the competence's
   upgrading.  So it can improve the overall efficiency of maritime logistics
   enterprises, guide them to take competitive advantages in the fast and
   changing market.  The construction and operation of computer simulation
   model provides an effective research method and way for the evolution of
   core competence of maritime logistics enterprises.
DE core competence of maritime logistics enterprises; service innovation;
   system dynamics model; vensim simulation

---

UT 269
AR Chang JC Jr, 2019, BRAZ J OPER PROD MAN, V16, P14, DOI
   10.14488/BJOPM.2019.v16.n1.a2
TI COMPUTER SIMULATION MODEL FOR OUTPATIENT CLINICS IN A BRAZILIAN LARGE PUBLIC
   HOSPITAL SPECIALIZED IN CARDIOLOGY
AU Chang JC Jr; Lima F; Fernandes AMD; Guardia FD; da Silva VD; Maccheri GA
TC 5
SO BRAZ J OPER PROD MANAG
PY 2019
AB Goal: the main objective of this study is to analyze the behavior of the
   outpatient department of a large public hospital specialized in cardiology,
   understanding how the components of this system are related, in order to
   improve the hospital's performance.  Design/Methodology/Approach: a case
   study was carried out in a public hospital specializing in cardiology with
   the aid of Modeling and Simulation of System Dynamics.  Results: the result
   showed that variables such as doctor availability and average consultation
   time have great influence on the service capacity.  Limitations of the
   investigation: the proceedings and times related to the medical staff are
   particular to each team and they are not standardized.  However, in the
   system dynamics modeling these particularities cannot be included.
   Practical implications: for theory, there is the state-of-the-art
   development in terms of how to manage and regarding the methodologies should
   be applied in a complex referential model composed of several moderating
   variables, in order to obtain the best use of the available resources (human
   and material) of the hospital.  For practice, the flow of patients in the
   hospital should be predicted and optimized, adding value to the services
   provided to its users.  Originality/Value: the originality of the work is
   based on the unprecedented application of quantitative methods for solving
   problems in Brazilian hospitals.
DE system dynamics; ambulatories; simulation in health-care; vensim 60
ID population health; dynamics; systems

---

UT 270
AR Tahsiri A, 2023, ENV DEV SUSTAIN, V25, P7299, DOI 10.1007/s10668-022-02323-5
TI A system dynamics model for a holistic analysis of urban NOx emissions: a
   case study of Tehran, Iran
AU Tahsiri A; Arab M
TC 0
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB Nowadays, a big effort has been made to find the right solution strategy for
   controlling the complex, multidimensional and diverse problem of urban air
   pollution.  However, despite good development in this area, academia and
   governance divisions are still investing the development with a reliable
   methodology for examining the full scope of the problem under real
   conditions.  This paper thus proposes a system dynamic-based model that is
   capable of representing the full pattern of behaviour of NOx emission in
   metropolitan settings, dependent on a network of contributing factors.  The
   study identifies five underlying interconnected subsystems, each of which
   potentially causes a significant level of NOx pollution, and the consequence
   synergy, stemming from the operation of all subsystems together.  These are:
   (1) the sector of the economy, (2) the population structure and changes, (3)
   urban transport operations, (4) the performance of industries and businesses
   sector, and (5) energy production level and method.  The Vensim software
   simulated the model using 15 years of data from Tehran-related activities.
   The simulation takes into account four different scenarios: (a) maintaining
   the existing trends in business and industries; (b) enhancing the energy
   sector's productivity; (c) improving the transport management system's
   efficiency; and (d) a mixed scenario situation, applying the second (b) and
   the third (c) scenarios simultaneously.
DE air pollution management; system dynamics modeling; nox emission; tehran;
   vensim software; urban system
ID air pollution; passenger transport; energy-production; water resources;
   simulation; complex; health; policy

---

UT 271
AR Jia SW, 2021, CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC, V23, P1027, DOI
   10.1007/s10098-020-02013-8
TI Effect of combined strategy on mitigating air pollution in China
AU Jia SW
TC 8
SO CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC
PY 2021
AB Air pollution has worsened as a result of increased traffic congestion in
   cities.  Using air pollution caused by motor vehicle emissions (mainly by
   carbon monoxide, hydrocarbon, nitrogen oxide, and particulate matter) as an
   example, in this study, we applied an integrated algorithm comprising system
   dynamics, entropy weight method, and gray system theory to establish a
   weighted logic function.  A vehicle pollutant control model (including the
   transport, health, and environmental subsystems) was established by VENSIM
   software.  The medium- and long-term key variable analysis showed that the
   integrated algorithm, fully reflecting the advantages of system dynamics and
   gray system theory, more accurately described air pollution caused by
   vehicle emissions.  Our research results also revealed that the combined
   strategy of penalties and air pollution charging fee had a threefold effect:
   reduced congestion and emissions, improved health impact index, and reduced
   number of illegal trips.  Specifically, the degree of traffic congestion,
   number of illegal trips, and the degree of air pollution decreased by
   approximately 82.40%, 69.35%, and 68.91%, respectively, whereas the health
   impact index increased by about 279.03%. This finding provides guidance for
   improving policy and optimizing management and control modes.  [GRAPHICS] .
DE system dynamics; air pollution; integrated algorithm; emission reduction;
   threefold effect
ID vehicle emissions

---

UT 272
AR Yuan WS, 2025, SUSTAIN, V17, DOI 10.3390/su17146607
TI Simulation of Water-Energy-Food-Carbon Nexus in the Agricultural Production
   Process in Liaocheng Based on the System Dynamics (SD)
AU Yuan WS; Wang H; Liu YY; Han S; Cong X; Xu ZH
TC 2
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2025
AB To achieve regional sustainable development, the low-carbon transformation
   of agriculture is essential, as it serves both as a significant carbon
   source and as a potential carbon sink.  This study calculated the
   agricultural carbon emissions in Liaocheng from 2010 to 2022 by analyzing
   processes including crop cultivation, animal husbandry, and agricultural
   input.  Additionally, a simulation model of the water-energy-food-carbon
   nexus (WEFC-Nexus) for Liaocheng's agricultural production process was
   developed.  Using Vensim PLE 10.0.0 software, this study constructed a WEFC-
   Nexus model encompassing four major subsystems: economic development,
   agricultural production, agricultural inputs, and water use.  The model
   explored four policy scenarios: business-as-usual scenario (S1), ideal
   agricultural development (S2), strengthening agricultural investment (S3),
   and reducing agricultural input costs (S4). It also forecast the trends in
   carbon emissions and primary sector GDP under these different scenarios from
   2023 to 2030. The conclusions were as follows: (1) Total agricultural carbon
   emissions exhibited a three-phase trajectory, namely, "rapid growth
   (2010-2014)-sharp decline (2015-2020)-gradual rebound (2021-2022)", with
   sectoral contributions ranked as livestock farming (50%) > agricultural
   inputs (27%) > crop cultivation (23%). (2) The carbon emissions per unit of
   primary sector GDP (CEAG) for S2, S3, and S4 decreased by 8.86%, 5.79%, and
   7.72%, respectively, compared to S1. The relationship between the carbon
   emissions under the four scenarios is S3 > S1 > S2 > S4. The relationship
   between the four scenarios in the primary sector GDP is S3 > S2 > S4 > S1.
   S2 can both control carbon emissions and achieve growth in primary industry
   output.  Policy recommendations emphasize reducing chemical fertilizer use,
   optimizing livestock management, enhancing agricultural technology
   efficiency, and adjusting agricultural structures to balance economic
   development with environmental sustainability.
DE carbon emissions; system dynamics; water-energy-food-carbon nexus
ID governance; emissions; footprint; security; china

---

UT 273
AR Dvornik J, 2009, THERM SCI, V13, P11, DOI 10.2298/TSCI0904011D
TI ANALYSIS OF THE PERFORMANCE OF THE SHIP STEAM BOILER USING SIMULATION
AU Dvornik J; Tireli E; Dvornik S
TC 1
SO THERM SCI
PY 2009
AB The aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamics simulation modelling at investigating performance dynamics of the
   ship steam boiler.  Ship steam boiler is a complex non-linear system which
   needs to be systematically investigated as a unit consisting of a number of
   subsystems and elements, which are linked by cause-effect feedback loops,
   both within the system and with the relevant surrounding.  In this paper the
   authors will present the efficient application of scientific methods for the
   research of complex dynamic systems called qualitative and quantitative
   simulation system dynamics methodology, which will allow for production and
   use of higher number and kinds of simulation models of the observed
   elements, and finally allow for the continuous computer simulation, which
   will contribute to acquisition of new information about the non-linear
   character of performance dynamics of ship steam boilers in the process of
   designing and education.  Ship steam boiler will be presented in POWERSIM
   simulation language in mental-verbal, structural, and mathematical computer
   models.
DE ship steam boiler; simulation modeling; system dynamics; continuous and
   discrete simulation

---

UT 274
AR Yan B, 2017, SIMUL-TRANS SOC MODEL SIMUL INT, V93, P973, DOI
   10.1177/0037549717706169
TI Multi-level two-way cross-chain inventory coordination model that combines
   the same level with different levels in multi-supply chains
AU Yan B; Cai CY; Shi P
TC 2
SO SIMUL-TRANS SOC MODEL SIMUL INT
PY 2017
AB A cross-chain inventory emergency replenishment model that comprises the
   enterprises of manufacturers, wholesalers, and retailers at the same level
   and at different levels based on a co-opetition relationship in cluster
   supply chains is constructed in this work.  The model is built by studying
   two three-level supply chains that each comprises manufacturers,
   wholesalers, and retailers using the system dynamics method.  Subsequently,
   the proposed cross-chain inventory collaboration model is compared with
   currently available models and then simulated using the system dynamics
   simulation software Vensim.  Simulation results show that the proposed model
   further improves existing theoretical research achievements in the field
   both locally and abroad, thereby advancing theoretical research on cross-
   chain inventory collaboration.  This study also provides decision-making
   references for the practice of inventory collaboration among enterprises in
   industrial clusters.
DE supply chain management; inventory; multi-supply chain; system dynamics;
   cross-chain; emergency complementary

---

UT 275
AR Guo B, 2022, SCI PROGR, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/1846254
TI Modeling and Simulation of Consumer Preference Decision for Commercial
   Complex Location Based on System Dynamics
AU Guo B; Zhang B/1; Li Y
TC 1
SO SCI PROGR
PY 2022
AB The influencing factors of consumer shopping behavior play a key role in the
   later performance of commercial real estate enterprises.  On the basis of
   analyzing the influence factors of customer patronage and the influence
   factors of commercial complex site selection decision and their
   relationship, a causal relationship graph and a system dynamic model are
   established, which can describe the influence of customer preference on
   commercial complex site selection decision.  And introducing customer
   subjective factors optimize the original pure objective factors site
   selection decision model.  The model is implemented by using the system
   dynamics modeling tool Vensim.  At the same time, the model is verified by
   using the data of the first-hand investigation.  The results show that the
   calculated data of the model is in good agreement with the actual data.  The
   results show that the system dynamics method can effectively simulate the
   influence of various factors on the decision-making of the commercial
   complex.  As the forecast of the model, the key indexes of the decision-
   making of the city commercial complex are discussed, and the measures to be
   taken are put forward, which can provide reference for the decision-making
   of the location.

---

UT 276
AR Martínez-Valderrama J, 2023, METHODSX, V10, DOI 10.1016/j.mex.2023.102044
TI Implementing climate change projections in System Dynamics models
AU Martínez-Valderrama J; Ibáñez J
TC 4
SO METHODSX
PY 2023
AB Desertification is the degradation of drylands, which occupy an increasing
   proportion of the Earth's surface due to global warming.  It is currently
   the most extensive biome on Earth, occupying 45% and one out of every three
   inhabitants of the planet live in them.  One of the most effective ways to
   face desertification, as Land Degradation Neutrality points out, is
   prevention.  For this purpose, simulation models are very useful tools.
   Specifically, System Dynamics models are particularly effective, since they
   allow bringing together the biophysical and socioeconomic variables involved
   in the formation of the problem.  These integrative models, coupled with
   other tools such as sensitivity analyses, are used to generate
   desertification early warning indicators.  The objective of this programming
   routine is to implement climate change scenarios in these simulation models.
   The script presented here was used to evaluate the sensitivity of dehesa
   rangelands productivity to the increase in the frequency and intensity of
   droughts due to climate change.center dot Integrated simulation models are
   useful tools to understand complex socioecosystems.center dot Land-use
   changes foster the alteration of key hydro-bio-geochemical processes.center
   dot By means of automated import processes and data analysis programming, it
   is possible to implement desertification early warning systems.
DE vensim; aemet; droughts; desertification; sensitivity analysis; anova

---

UT 277
AR Wu HL, 2021, ENERGY SCI ENG, V9, P828, DOI 10.1002/ese3.837
TI Model for sustainable development based on system dynamics and energy-
   economy-environment coordination: A case study of Beijing, China
AU Wu HL; Peng DX; Wang L
TC 17
SO ENERGY SCI ENG
PY 2021
AB In developing countries, the contradiction between environmental protection
   and economic development has become increasingly serious.  The current
   research focuses on: how to coordinate the relationship between economic
   development and environmental protection.  This study considers energy
   consumption and environmental emission reduction as the research object.  An
   energy-economy-environment simulation system was developed using Vensim as a
   modeling platform to clarify the relationship between energy consumption,
   economic development, and environmental pollution.  Based on the data
   gleaned from Beijing's energy system, the availability of the simulation
   model is verified through historical inspection and operational tests.
   Finally, based on the energy-economy-environment simulation system,
   different development scenarios have been set up to analyze the development
   trends of energy consumption, economic development, and environmental
   emission reduction under different scenarios.  The results show that the
   development prospects under the coordinated development scenario are the
   most reasonable and effective, taking into account the coordinated
   development of all the three aspects, especially in terms of carbon emission
   reduction.
DE coordinated development; energy management; energy saving; energy system
   dynamics; sustainability
ID generate; impacts

---

UT 278
AR Woo TH, 2014, ENERGY SOURCES B, V9, P165, DOI 10.1080/15567249.2011.563262
TI The Financial Modeling of Nanotechnology (NT) for the Energy Industry Using
   Systems Thinking Decision Making
AU Woo TH; Kim YI/1
TC 0
SO ENERGY SOURCES B
PY 2014
AB Commercialization of atomic energy is investigated in the aspect of the
   nanotechnology (NT) application.  The atomic nanotechnology has been
   emerging in the area of science and technology, where the main object is
   highly efficient production.  The marketing innovation is quantified for the
   profit enhancement using systems thinking which is expressed by the system
   dynamics method.  The feedback and accumulation skills of the simulation
   could show the higher reliable result of the interested scenarios.  The
   simulation is performed by three aspects which are technological, manpower,
   and marketing.  The output shows the highest point is 312,209 times higher
   in 2050 than the initial point.  This shows the budget increasing for the NT
   area in industry as well as academics.
DE accumulation; atomic nanotechnology; feedback; simulation; system dynamics;
   vensim

---

UT 279
AR Zhu XQ, 2017, COMPLEXITY, DOI 10.1155/2017/5094218
TI Research on Behavior Model of Rumor Maker Based on System Dynamics
AU Zhu XQ; Liu FM
TC 12
SO COMPLEX
PY 2017
AB Laws of rumor makers' behaviors are the root of curbing rumor and effective
   way to block rumor occurrence.  Therefore, based on system dynamics model,
   this paper proposed the rumors behavior evolution model of rumor makers,
   aimed at discovering the laws of rumor makers' behaviors to achieve rumors
   blocking.  First, by refining the driving factors in disinformation
   behavior, we constructed causal diagram of disinformation behavior
   evolution; secondly, by means of causal diagram, we constructed stock-flow
   diagram for quantitative analysis; finally, simulation experiment was
   carried out by using Vensim Personal Learning Edition software (Vensim PLE).
   The results showed that negative attitude is a major factor in the
   occurrence of disinformation behavior; personal factors are more pronounced
   than the factors of social and government on the impact of disinformation
   propensity score.

---

UT 280
AR Zheng YH, 2021, PROCESS, V9, DOI 10.3390/pr9081398
TI Risk Propagation of Concentralized Distribution Logistics Plan Change in
   Cruise Construction
AU Zheng YH; Ke JC; Wang HY
TC 7
SO PROCESS
PY 2021
AB Compared with the ordinary merchant ship building, the concentralized
   distribution in cruise building is more complex.  Plan change is a common
   phenomenon in cruise building, and it is easy to lead to mismatch between
   production and logistics, resulting in risks such as production schedule
   delay and inventory backlog.  In order to reduce the adverse effects of plan
   change on the shipyard, it is necessary to conduct an in-depth study on the
   risks of a centralized distribution logistics plan.  Based on the analysis
   of the composition of the centralized distribution logistics planning
   system, risk factors in different plan links are identified in this paper.
   A system dynamic model is constructed to simulate the propagation of five
   basic types of planning risk, including procurement plan, warehousing plan,
   pallet concentralization plan, distribution plan and production plan.  In
   the case study of HVAC (heating, ventilation and air conditioning)
   materials, the values of risk factors are estimated though consulting
   experts with questionnaire.  The weight of each risk factor in each
   subsystem is calculated by a method combined with analytic hierarchy process
   and coefficient of variation method.  Through the simulation experiments
   carried out in Vensim, it is found that both inventory backlog risk and
   cruise construction schedule delay risk increase with the increasement of
   estimated values of risk factors, which is an effective proof of the
   rationality of the model, and that the most sensitive risk factor for both
   the two kinds of risk is production planning risk.
DE concentralized distribution logistics; plan change; risk propagation; system
   dynamics
ID supply chain; system dynamics; trade-off; management; simulation; model;
   performance; resilience; impacts

---

UT 281
AR Cavana RY, 2006, SYST DYNAM REV, V22, P321, DOI 10.1002/sdr.347
TI Demonstrating the utility of system dynamics for public policy analysis in
   New Zealand: the case of excise tax policy on tobacco
AU Cavana RY; Clifford LV
TC 35
SO SYST DYN REV
PY 2006
AB This paper summarises a system dynamics pilot study analysing the
   relationship of New Zealand Customs Service (NZCS) outputs to desired
   government outcomes, in relation to the collection of tobacco excise duties
   and cigarette smoking in New Zealand.  The study was done to demonstrate the
   utility of system dynamics in answering some questions of a type common in
   the New Zealand public sector during policy development and review.  Group
   model-building workshops addressed the organising question: "How does price
   influence the use and consequences of tobacco in New Zealand?"  A prototype
   system dynamics simulation model using the ithink dynamic simulation
   software was developed, consisting of seven sectors: NZCS air and marine
   sector; duty-paid cigarette imports; duty-free cigarettes; New Zealand
   tobacco manufacturing sector; NZCS duty collection (from air passengers);
   New Zealand tobacco products market; and a health sector.  The model
   simulates values of the model variables on an annual basis from 2000 to
   2010. Policy experiments with the model include examining the effects of
   changes in excise duties.  The model can be further developed to examine
   tobacco-related public policy issues in New Zealand and complement modelling
   done in other countries.  Copyright (c) 2006 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
ID health; simulation; smoking; cigarettes; impacts; model

---

UT 282
AR Tukel OI, 2011, PROJ MANAG J, V42, P59, DOI 10.1002/pmj.20207
TI Knowledge-Salvage Practices for Dormant R&D Projects
AU Tukel OI; Kremic T; Rom WO; Miller RJ
TC 6
SO PROJ MANAG J
PY 2011
AB Most successful firms have an abundance of new and old knowledge in their
   research and development laboratories, and only a fraction is being put into
   use in new product development.  This knowledge is left over from projects
   that have been killed at different development stages and may actually carry
   considerable value.  In this article, we propose a knowledge bank as a
   possible solution to preserve and possibly grow this knowledge.  It is a
   self-sustaining institute with minimal or no ongoing effort from the donor
   company, yet manages the knowledge in a way that protects proprietary
   interests and actively fosters communication and interchange among
   sponsoring companies wherever possible.  The framework of this structure, as
   well as how it works, is described here.  Specifically, a system dynamics
   modeling of the knowledge bank is developed, and a simulation study is
   conducted using VENSIM (R). The results confirm the viability of creating
   such a system in a consortium of organizations.
DE r and d projects; knowledge banks; system dynamics
ID open innovation; performance

---

UT 283
AR Beklaryan GL/1, 2019, EKON MAT METODY, V55, P47, DOI
   10.31857/S042473880005769-4
TI Simulation Model of a Region in Application to the Economy Analysis of
   Krasnoyarsk Region
AU Beklaryan GL/1
TC 1
SO EKON MAT METODY
PY 2019
AB The article presents an approach to the rational management of the region on
   the example of the Krasnoyarsk region using the methods of system dynamics.
   A simulation model of the region is developed, and the possibility of
   optimizing the key characteristics of such a system through the rational
   management of multiple parameters, such as the rate of construction of new
   housing, the rate of growth of the housing services'costs, the rate of
   construction of social infrastructure (gardens, schools, hospitals), etc.
   The suggested model allows forming the forecast dynamics of the most
   important macroeconomic characteristics of the region, taking into account
   the internal direct and backward linkages between the various elements of
   such a system and the existing restrictions.  The computer implementation of
   this model is performed in the simulation system Powersim, which supports
   the methods of system dynamics, as well as the possibility of finding
   suboptimal solutions using genetic optimization algorithms.An important
   optimization problem of the regionto maximize the integral index the Gross
   Regional Product under multiple constraints is formulated.  To solve this
   optimization problem, a genetic optimization algorithm (GA) was chosen, the
   feature of which is the aggregation of the target functional with a
   simulation model of the region (implemented in Powersim). Numerical studies
   have been carried out to predict the GRP of the Krasnoyarsk Region under
   various scenario conditions, in particular, for the basic scenario, in which
   the current values of the control parameters of the system are stored and
   for the best scenario, in which the values of the corresponding control
   parameters are calculated as a result of solving the problem of the
   formulated optimization problem using the created optimization module
   (genetic algorithm). With the help of a simulation model on real data we
   demonstrated the possibility of improving the economic situation in the
   Krasnoyarsk Region, mainly due to increased investment in human capital,
   affecting the dynamics of scientific and technological progress and GRP,
   respectively.
DE simulation modeling; regional economy; system dynamics; krasnoyarsk region

---

UT 284
AR Simonetto ED, 2014, INT J ENVIRON SUSTAI, V13, P339, DOI
   10.1504/IJESD.2014.064960
TI Simulation computer to evaluate scenarios of solid waste - an approach using
   systems dynamics
AU Simonetto ED
TC 7
SO INT J ENV SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2014
AB The article presents the development, validation and experimentation of
   simulation model using systems dynamics methodology, which allows users and
   managers to evaluate and analyse scenarios about the generation and disposal
   of urban solid waste.  The developed model takes into account the following
   rates and information: rate of population natural increase (births and
   deaths), percentage of urban solid waste sent to each type of final disposal
   and the quantity of waste generated per inhabitant.  The simulated scenarios
   take into account three distinct situations: a) current scenario with
   varying rates; b) current scenario with static rates; c) scenario with rates
   similar to the Netherlands's.  The model's validation was developed through
   the analysis of future scenarios for a municipality in Brazil's southern
   region.  With the generated results, the area managers may, in advance,
   evaluate and decide possible ways for improvements or adjustments in the
   management of municipal solid waste.  The best simulated scenario was with
   rates similar to the Netherlands's.  For the system modelling and
   development Vensim simulator was used.
DE solid-waste; computational simulation; decision-making process; population
   growth

---

UT 285
AR Zhang H, 2021, KNOWL MAN RES PRACT, V19, P370, DOI
   10.1080/14778238.2020.1767521
TI Dynamic simulation research on the effect of resource heterogeneity on
   knowledge transfer in R&D alliances
AU Zhang H; Zhou MF; Rao HG; Zhou D
TC 18
SO KNOWL MANAG RES PR
PY 2021
AB This paper investigates the effect of resource heterogeneity on knowledge
   Transfer in R&D alliances based on system dynamics method.  Based on
   literature review, we identify the factors that affect knowledge transfer in
   R&D alliances, and analyse the effect of the organisational and network
   resource heterogeneity on knowledge transfer in R&D alliances.  On this
   basis, we use system dynamics method to analyse the causality of the effect
   of the organisational and network resource heterogeneities on knowledge
   transfer, establish the model of system flow chart, and use Vensim PLE
   software to perform simulation and sensitivity analyses of the model.  The
   results show that there is an inverted U-shaped relationship between the
   organisational resource heterogeneity and knowledge transfer and that
   network resource heterogeneity has a positive effect on knowledge transfer
   in R&D alliances.  Our research provides valuable insights into the
   exploitation of resource heterogeneity in R&D alliances to facilitate
   effective knowledge transfer.
DE r and d alliance; organizational resource heterogeneity; network resource
   heterogeneity; knowledge transfer; system dynamics
ID absorptive-capacity; strategic alliances; development cooperation; network
   structure; firm performance; diversity; innovation; capabilities; cost;
   competence

---

UT 286
AR Zeng X, 2021, IEEE ACCESS, V9, P156313, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3129246
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Simulation of Enterprise Patent Management
   Optimization
AU Zeng X; Deng LB; Li WY
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2021
AB Taking the perspective of cybernetics theory, enterprise patent management
   can be described as a controllable information system which includes various
   activities and performances.  This paper aims to analysis the relationship
   between enterprise patent activities and patent performance, and to help
   convert technological innovation achievements into patent rights more
   effectively and consolidate technology superiority.  This paper uses System
   Dynamics method to construct a multiscale nonlinear enterprise patent
   management model.  Validity of this model is tested, simulation is conducted
   in VENSIM, sensitivity analysis of this model shows that: Technology
   Disclosure Sufficiency does not have much influence on patent application
   quantity, but it has strongly positive effect on patent grant rate and
   patent portfolio diversity, it can also lower the risk of patent
   circumvention.  Simulation shows that technology disclosure sufficiency is a
   key determinant to reduce information loss and improve output efficiency of
   enterprise patent management system.  Collaboration of R&D personnel, patent
   engineers and patent agencies should be enhanced to improve TDS, so as to
   promote enterprise patent management efficiency.  This SD model provides a
   foundation for future research in patent management optimization.
DE patents; analytical models; computational modeling; technological
   innovation; research and development; productivity; mathematical models;
   system analysis and design; multiscale nonlinear system; patent management;
   computer simulation
ID disclosure

---

UT 287
AR Sadabadi AA, 2023, J ENV PLAN MANAG, V66, P1938, DOI
   10.1080/09640568.2022.2043837
TI Photovoltaic technological innovation system (PV TIS) in Iran: identifying
   barriers, incentives, dynamics and developing policies
AU Sadabadi AA; Rad ZR; Azimzadeh H
TC 8
SO J ENV PLAN MANAG
PY 2023
AB Transition to sustainable energies is a fast-growing field of research.
   Modeling complex systems can expand our possibilities in this field through
   quantitative analysis.  Photovoltaic technology is one the best potential
   energy sources in Iran but until now, this technology has not been diffused
   appropriately.  According to the review of research on PV TIS, it was found
   that in developing countries such as Iran, quantitative analyses based on
   simulation by system dynamics have not been performed and also, positive and
   negative effective factors on this system (incentives and barriers), not
   comprehensively identified.  Therefore, in this study, at first, positive
   and negative effective factors in the PV TIS of Iran were identified and in
   the next stage, innovation engines were extracted.  In order to develop
   improvement policies, Iran's PV TIS has been modeled using a system dynamics
   approach, and quantitative analyzes related to its performance have been
   presented using Vensim Ple software.  Finally, in this study, some policies
   have been developed to promote PV TIS performance.
DE photovoltaic ( pv ); technological innovation system ( tis ); incentives and
   barriers; system dynamics ( sd ); policymaking
ID renewable energy technology; multilevel perspective; solar pv; framework;
   model; transitions; management; evolution; diffusion; issues

---

UT 288
AR You MJ, 2019, J KOREAN ACAD NURS, V49, P398, DOI 10.4040/jkan.2019.49.4.398
TI Development of a Quantitative Model on Adolescent Cyberbullying Victims in
   Korea: A System Dynamics Approach
AU You MJ; Ham EM
TC 0
SO J KOREAN ACAD NURS
PY 2019
AB Purpose.  This study used a system dynamics methodology to identify
   correlation and nonlinear feedback structures among factors affecting
   adolescent cyberbullying victims (CV) in Korea and to construct and verify a
   simulation model.  Methods Factors affecting CV were identified by reviewing
   a theoretical background in existing literature and referencing various
   statistical data.  Related variables were identified through content
   validity verification by an expert group, after which a causal loop diagram
   (CLD) was constructed based on the variables.  A stock-flow diagram (SFD)
   using Vensim Professional 7.3 was used to establish a CV model.  Results:
   Based on the literature review and expert verification, 22 variables
   associated with CV were identified and the CLD was prepared.  Next, a model
   was developed by converting the CLD to an SFD. The simulation results showed
   that the variables such as negative emotions, stress levels, high levels of
   conflict in schools, parental monitoring, and time spent using new media had
   the strongest effects on CV. The model's validity was verified using
   equation check, sensitivity analysis for time-step and simulation with 4 CV
   adolescent.  Condusion: The system dynamics model constructed in this study
   can be used to develop intervention strategies in schools that are focused
   on counseling that can prevent cyberbullying and assist in the victims'
   recovery by formulating a feedback structure and capturing the dynamic
   changes observed in CV. To prevent cyberbullying, it is necessary to develop
   more effective strategies such as prevention education, counseling and
   treatment that considers factors pertaining to the individual, family,
   school, and media.
DE adolescent; bullying; nonlinear dynamics

---

UT 289
AR Rius-Sorolla G, 2015, DIR ORGAN, V55, P44
TI Evaluation of two strategies coordinated through supply system dynamics: a
   case study in the field of construction materials
AU Rius-Sorolla G; Maheut J; Estélles-Miguel S; Garcia-Sabater JP
TC 0
SO DIR ORGAN
PY 2015
AB In this paper, a simulation modeling using system dynamics (Vensim (R)) to
   propose an alternative coordination solution between two companies in the
   construction sector.  It is provided a comparison between the field results
   of an alternative solution provided by the adhesive company in response of
   his customer collaboration request, kitchen bench company, to manage the
   supply and the results of the simulation model.
DE simulation; case study; collaboration; coordination

---

UT 290
AR Zhang C, 2020, SAGE OPEN, V10, DOI 10.1177/2158244020970214
TI A New Method for Computing Letter of Credit Risks
AU Zhang C; Hu N
TC 1
SO SAGE OPEN
PY 2020
AB This study targets problems in the risk assessment and control processes of
   letter of credit settlements for Chinese export enterprises.  It applies the
   quantitative method of exploratory factor analysis to extract the main
   factors and uses a confirmatory factor analysis to test the validity these
   constructs.  VENSIM software is used to design the system dynamics causal
   tree and flowchart of the letter of credit system.  The equation sets of
   DANAMO parameters are then constructed using the software.  Finally, through
   analysis of the system risk fluctuation diagram with system simulation, it
   offers enterprises advice on how to identify potential risk points to
   prevent and control letter of credit risks in advance.
DE factor analysis; system dynamics simulation; letter of credit settlement
   risk
ID trade

---

UT 291
AR Liu JK, 2022, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V29, P12614, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-15816-z
TI Risk sharing for PPP project in construction waste recycling industry in
   China
AU Liu JK; Hua ZW; Pang YS; Wang XT
TC 21
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB With the deepening urbanization, urban renewal, and reconstruction movement
   in China, a large amount of construction waste has been generated.  In order
   to ease the financial pressure on the government to deal with construction
   waste, introducing the PPP model in the construction waste recycling
   industry has become popular.  Based on the theory of system dynamics, this
   paper studies the risks of using the PPP model in construction waste
   recycling industry.  First, a causal loop diagram was depicted according to
   the interaction of the main risk factors.  Then, using the system dynamics
   software Vensim, a dynamic model of the risks of the PPP project was
   constructed.  The results show the following: (1) the PPP project in the
   construction waste recycling industry is profitable; (2) For the PPP project
   in the construction waste recycling industry, the tendering risk will break
   out in 6 similar to 7 years, the greatest impact on tendering risk is the
   cooperation environment risk, where cooperation environment risk entropy is
   increased by 50% and tendering risk entropy is increased by 53.66%; (3)
   Construction risks will break out in 7 similar to 8 years.  The construction
   cost, construction delay, and design defects have the greatest impact on
   construction risks, where entropy is increased by 50% and construction risk
   entropy is increased by 19.30%, 19.25%, and 19.08%, respectively; (4) The
   operational risk has not broken out in 10 years and is expected to break out
   in 10 to 20 years.  Raw material power supply, production technology level,
   and operations management efficiency have the greatest impact on operational
   risk, where entropy is increased by 50% and operational risk entropy is
   increased by 21.52%, 20.84%, and 20.76%, respectively.  These results can
   provide suggestions and references for the risk management of PPP projects
   in China's construction waste recycling industry.
DE ppp ( public-private partnership ); construction waste recycling; risk;
   system dynamics
ID public-private partnership; energy incineration projects; demolition waste;
   hong-kong; management

---

UT 292
AR Xia YJ, 2026, SYST, V14, DOI 10.3390/systems14030254
TI Research on Simulation and Structural Optimization of Integrated Crop-
   Livestock Systems in Jilin Province
AU Xia YJ; Lv XY; Xu S; Guo HP
TC 0
SO SYST
PY 2026
AB The integrated crop-livestock farming model not only enhances resource
   utilization efficiency and reduces environmental pollution but also serves
   as a vital pathway for promoting sustainable agricultural development.
   System dynamics models enable in-depth analysis of dynamic system changes.
   Therefore, in this study, we constructed a comprehensive system dynamics
   model for the combination of farming and raising in Jilin Province, and used
   Vensim-PLE software(Version 6.3) to simulate and predict the dynamic changes
   of the agricultural structure and the future development trend based on the
   data of the planting and raising industry from 2006 to 2021. The results of
   the study show that: (1) It is expected that by 2035, the grain crop
   production, cash crop production, hog and beef cattle output, as well as the
   utilization of straw and livestock and poultry manure in Jilin Province will
   increase significantly.  And the livestock and poultry manure load warning
   value reaches 0.35, which does not pose a threat to the environment.  (2) By
   setting the simulation structure optimization analysis, it is found that the
   integrated crop-livestock systems performs the best in terms of economic,
   social, ecological and environmental benefits.  (3) In 2035, Jilin Province
   should control the total crop planting area within 7250 thousand hectares,
   the number of hog output should not exceed 25 million, and the number of
   beef cattle slaughtered should not exceed 4.25 million, so as to ensure that
   the early warning value of livestock and poultry fecal matter loading is
   lower than 0.4, and to achieve the balance of farming and maximize economic
   benefits.  Finally, this paper proposes policy recommendations to optimize
   crop structures, develop precision farming and aquaculture technologies,
   establish resource recycling projects, and strengthen policy support and
   technology promotion.
DE integrated crop-livestock systems; sustainable development; scenario
   simulation; system dynamics
ID ecological recycling agriculture; nitrogen losses; manure; productivity

---

UT 293
AR Bin Asad S, 2026, CONSTR MANAG ECON, DOI 10.1080/01446193.2026.2648601
TI Interactions of factors affecting the implementation of Integrated Project
   Delivery in the New Zealand construction industry: a system dynamics and
   network analysis approach
AU Bin Asad S; Purushothaman MB; Poshdar M
TC 0
SO CONSTR MANAG ECON
PY 2026
AB Integrated Project Delivery (IPD) is a collaborative project delivery
   approach that brings together people, systems, and practices to reduce
   waste, enhance sustainability, and improve project outcomes.  This study
   examined the factors and their interactions hindering IPD implementation in
   New Zealand (NZ) through 18 semi-structured interviews with local
   construction professionals.  Using manual coding and VENSIM visualisation,
   the study identified key challenges and their interactions.  Critical
   factors include resistance to change, low technology adoption, high initial
   investment costs, insufficient mutual respect and trust, client's
   resistance, and lack of industry standardisation.  Key challenges in NZ
   include a lack of information on IPD outcomes, a limited number of
   contractors and consultants, governance conflicts, a preference for
   traditional models, resistance to change among experienced professionals,
   contractor liquidations, subcontractors taking main contractor roles, and
   project size.  The research used network analysis methods, such as degree
   and eigenvector centrality, and causal chain analysis to identify critical
   factors and chains affecting IPD uptake.  The findings compare NZ's
   challenges with global experiences, highlighting both unique and common
   obstacles.  While the limited sample size (18 professionals) is a
   constraint, the research provides insights to help researchers and
   practitioners address factors and their interactions to support sustainable
   construction practices in NZ.
DE integrated project delivery ( ipd ); factors; interactions; system dynamics;
   network analysis
ID centrality; framework; bim

---

UT 294
AR Sokame BM, 2021, SCI REP-UK, V11, DOI 10.1038/s41598-020-79553-y
TI A system dynamics model for pests and natural enemies interactions
AU Sokame BM/1; Tonnang HEZ; Subramanian S; Bruce AY; Dubois T; Ekesi S;
   Calatayud PA
TC 24
SO SCI REP
PY 2021
AB Stemborers (Busseola fusca, Sesamia calamistis and Chilo partellus), the
   fall armyworm (Spodoptera frugiperda) and associated parasitoids constitute
   an interacting system in maize fields in Kenya.  This work aims at
   developing and evaluating models that represent the evolution of those
   interactions by applying system thinking and system dynamics approaches with
   its archetypes [causal loop diagram (CLD), reinforcing (R) and balancing
   (B)] to analyse the population of these multi-species systems.  The software
   Vensim PLE 8.0.9 was used to implement the models and carry out the
   simulations of single- and multi-species systems.  The results showed that
   when a single pest species with its associated parasitoids interact with the
   host plant, the species was able to establish and sustain by cyclical
   relationship between populations of the pest and the associated parasitoids.
   However, in multi- pest species systems, dominance of S. frugiperda and C.
   partellus over B. fusca and S. calamistis was observed, but without
   extinction.  However, there was a likelihood for B. fusca being displaced by
   C. partellus.  Overall, the models predict the co-existence of fall armyworm
   with stemborer species as an additional pest of maize in Africa that need to
   be considered henceforth in designing IPM strategies in maize.
ID spodoptera-frugiperda lepidoptera; fly bactrocera-invadens; stem borers;
   competitive displacement; ceratitis-cosyra; chilo-partellus; fall armyworm;
   fruit-fly; maize; noctuidae

---

UT 295
AR Wang C, 2018, PROC INST CIV ENG-MUNIC ENG, V171, P185, DOI
   10.1680/jmuen.16.00044
TI System dynamics simulation on municipal solid waste in Hong Kong
AU Wang C
TC 2
SO PROC INST CIV ENG-MUNIC ENG
PY 2018
AB The municipal solid waste (MSW) generation in Hong Kong (HK) is increasing
   at a rapid pace, resulting in health and environmental issues for the
   public.  Compared with Singapore and Shanghai, HK has a higher MSW
   generation rate due to less effective measures and government policies.  To
   forecast the MSW generation and recycling in HK, system dynamics modelling
   was conducted using Vensim 6.0, based on the data collected from semi-
   structured interviews and official reports in the Environmental Protection
   Department of HK, the National Environmental Agency Singapore and Shanghai
   Environmental Protection Agency that regularly provide statistics on waste
   outputs.  The simulation results show that shortly the MSW in HK will
   increase based on the current growth rates, and along with that, recycling
   will also increase.  The recycling rates will offset that of the MSW
   generation due to the closure of landfills, and MSW will be effectively
   recycled due to more advanced disposal techniques.  The strategies developed
   by the HK government will be able to manage the MSW disposal, but the city
   will experience more severe MSW conditions in the future as its landfills
   are expected to close earlier than planned.  Recommendations for HK to deal
   with MSW generation were derived from the experiences in Singapore and
   Shanghai.
DE dynamics; landfills; waste management  and  disposal
ID management; disposal; prefabrication; construction; separation

---

UT 296
AR Li MN, 2014, COMPUT BIOL MED, V47, P58, DOI 10.1016/j.compbiomed.2013.09.024
TI The problem of unreasonably high pharmaceutical fees for patients in Chinese
   hospitals: A system dynamics simulation model
AU Li MN/1; Zhu YG; Xue C; Li Y/1; Zhang LL
TC 8
SO COMPUT BIOL MED
PY 2014
AB The social problem of unreasonably high pharmaceutical costs for patients in
   Chinese hospitals damages the interests of patients and it has a highly
   negative impact on the long-term development of the Chinese health service.
   We constructed a system dynamics model to address two problems, i.e., the
   unreasonably high prices of drugs and the high level of pharmaceutical fees
   relative to the medical costs of patients, and we suggest countermeasures
   and possible solutions.  The program Vensim DSS was used to construct a
   system dynamics model to represent the problem of high pharmaceutical fees
   for patients in Chinese hospitals.  If hospital and medical staff receive a
   higher kickback rate, they are more likely to prescribe unnecessary
   expensive drugs to make greater profits, which results in unnecessary drug
   consumption and irrational drug use, eventually leading to unreasonably high
   pharmaceutical fees.  The benefit chain of the main drug suppliers should be
   cut off.  It is necessary to break the link between the profits from
   pharmaceutical sales and the prescribing behavior of physicians, and
   hospital incomes, to avoid any conflicts of interest over how medicines are
   prescribed.  Thus, cost-containment measures and a reformed pharmaceutical
   distribution system are needed to regulate physicians and hospital
   interaction.  0 2013 The Authors.  Published by Elsevier Ltd.  Open access
   under CC BY-NC-ND license.
ID policy; issues; incentives; management; chain

---

UT 297
AR Chaves R, 2013, CHEMOSPHERE, V90, P2428, DOI
   10.1016/j.chemosphere.2012.10.082
TI Application of System Dynamics technique to simulate the fate of persistent
   organic pollutants in soils
AU Chaves R; López D; Macías F; Casares J; Monterroso C
TC 11
SO CHEMOSPHERE
PY 2013
AB Persistent organic pollutants (POPs) are within the most dangerous
   pollutants released into the environment by human activities.  Due to their
   resistance to degradation (chemical, biological or photolytic), it is
   critical to assess the fate and environmental hazards of the exchange of
   POPs between different environmental media.  System Dynamics enables to
   represent complex systems and analyze their dynamic behavior.  It provides a
   highly visual representation of the structure of the system and the existing
   relationships between the several parameters and variables, facilitating the
   understanding of the behavior of the system.  In the present study the fate
   of gamma-hexachlorocyclohexane (lindane) in a contaminated soil was modeled
   using the Vensim (R) simulation software.  Results show a gradual decrease
   in the lindane content in the soil during a simulation period of 10 years.
   The most important route affecting the concentrations of the contaminant was
   the biochemical degradation, followed by infiltration and hydrodynamic
   dispersion.  The model appeared to be highly sensitive to the half-life of
   the pollutant, which value depends on environmental conditions and directly
   affects the biochemical degradation.  (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights
   reserved.
DE environmental modeling; vensim; persistent pesticides; contaminated soils
ID root uptake; model; hexachlorocyclohexane; transport; growth; dispersion;
   chemicals; water

---

UT 298
AR Zhu HQ, 2023, ENV ENG MANAG J, V22, P825, DOI 10.30638/eemj.2023.065
TI MOTIVATING MULTIPLE STAKEHOLDERS FOR GREEN GOVERNANCE OF EXPRESS PACKAGING
   WASTE: AN INTEGRATED APPROACH UTILIZING EVOLUTIONARY GAME THEORY AND SYSTEM
   DYNAMICS
AU Zhu HQ; Jiang TH; Liu L/2
TC 4
SO ENV ENG MANAG J
PY 2023
AB The increase in express packaging waste has led to serious environmental
   pollution that urgently needs to be green governed.  However, to carry out
   green governance, multiple stakeholders are needed to take full advantage of
   the joint effect.  This paper considered the government, express enterprises
   and consumers to be the main stakeholders, constructed a tripartite game
   model to investigate the evolutionary decision-making process based on
   evolutionary game theory, and then performed simulation analysis using
   Vensim software to explore the main driving factors.  The main conclusions
   are as follows: enterprise subsidies affect only express enterprises, but
   all three types of stakeholders are sensitive to changes in consumer
   subsidies.  When the government combines the two kinds of subsidies,
   consumer subsidies play a major role.  The penalty strategies are more
   effective than the subsidy strategies.  The higher the penalty is for
   enterprises, the sooner express enterprises will adopt green behaviour
   strategies and consumers will adopt participation strategies.  If penalties
   and subsidies are used simultaneously, the penalties always play a major
   role.  In addition, the effect of low green investment costs and high
   public-praise benefits is almost the same, meaning that implicit benefits
   are just as important as explicit ones.  Therefore, both environmental
   publicity and technological innovation can play a positive effect.
DE behavior strategy; evolutionary game theory; express packaging waste; green
   governance; system dynamics
ID performance; management; reputation; behavior; market; impact

---

UT 299
AR [Anonymous], 2022, INT J EARLY CHILD SPEC EDUC, V14, P3645, DOI 10.9756/INT-
   JECSE/V14I2.393
TI Provide a dynamic model for assessing public trust and participation in the
   field of taxation
TC 0
SO INT J EARLY CHILD SPEC EDUC
PY 2022
AB Today, tax revenues are of particular importance in the financing of
   governments, so that taxes legitimize a government.  Increasing tax revenues
   and paying more attention to this issue is imperative.  Especially in the
   single-product economy similar to Iran, whose main source of income is
   volatile and unpredictable oil revenues.  In this study, while briefly
   introducing the presented models and classifying them, the effective factors
   in assessing-trust and public participation in the field of taxation have
   been studied and identified with a non-aligned approach, Managerial factors,
   political factors and managerial factors.  Then, in order to better
   understand the variables affecting this relationship and to understand the
   existing dynamisms, using the system dynamics modeling approach and drawing
   causal-circular diagrams (CLD), a model for evaluating public trust and
   participation in the field of taxation is presented and finally similar.
   The construction is done by Vensim software.  Six basic scenarios of
   principal component increase and one scenario of simultaneous increase of
   all principal components simultaneously were analyzed as model levers.  The
   simulation results show a greater positive effect of economic factors on
   public trust and participation in the field of taxation, with the point that
   the effect of economic factors is greater than the simultaneous application
   of all components.
DE system dynamics; trust and public participation; taxation
ID tax; culture

---

UT 300
AR Liang L, 2021, SAGE OPEN, V11, DOI 10.1177/21582440211026954
TI Novel Optimization-Based Parameter Estimation Method for the Bass Diffusion
   Model
AU Liang L
TC 1
SO SAGE OPEN
PY 2021
AB The Bass model is the most popular model for forecasting the diffusion
   process of a new product.  However, the controlling parameters in it are
   unknown in practice and need to be determined in advance.  Currently, the
   estimation of the controlling parameters has been approached by various
   techniques.  In this case, a novel optimization-based parameter estimation
   (OPE) method for the Bass model is proposed in the theoretical framework of
   system dynamics (SD). To do this, the SD model of the Bass differential
   equation is first established and then the corresponding optimization
   mathematical model is formulated by introducing the controlling parameters
   as design variable and the discrepancy of the adopter function to the
   reference value as objective function.  Using the VENSIM software, the
   present SD optimization model is solved, and its effectiveness and accuracy
   are demonstrated by two examples: one involves the exact solution and
   another is related to the actual user diffusion problem from Chinese Mobile.
   The results show that the present OPE method can produce higher predicting
   accuracy of the controlling parameters than the nonlinear weighted least
   squares method and the genetic algorithms.  Moreover, the reliability
   interval of the estimated parameters and the goodness of fitting of the
   optimal results are given as well to further demonstrate the accuracy of the
   present OPE method.
DE bass model; parameter estimation; system dynamics; optimization
ID china; validation

---

UT 301
AR Sokame BM/1, 2025, AGRIC ECOSYST ENV, V380, DOI 10.1016/j.agee.2024.109378
TI A system dynamics model for predicting African armyworm occurrence and
   population dynamics
AU Sokame BM/1; Kipkorir B; Agboka KM; Niassy S; Belayneh Y; Elkahky M; Tonnang
   HEZ
TC 1
SO AGRIC ECOSYST ENV
PY 2025
AB This study develops a comprehensive system dynamics model to predict and
   manage African armyworm (Spodoptera exempta) outbreaks, a major threat to
   cereal crops across Africa.  We applied system dynamics approache with its
   archetypes (causal loop diagram (CLD), reinforcing (R) and balancing (B)) to
   analyse the population dynamics of the pest.  The VENSIM modelling platform
   (Ventana Systems Inc., DSS 8.2) was used to implement the models and carry
   out the simulations.  The research integrates extensive data from 1980 to
   2023, encompassing the African armyworm's life cycle stages, climatic
   variables, and intervention strategies, to simulate potential outbreak
   scenarios and evaluate the impacts of various control measures.  The model
   demonstrates the ability to accurately capture the solitary and gregarious
   phases of the armyworm, showing how different climatic conditions influence
   these phases and affect the outbreak patterns across various African
   regions.  The findings reveal that precipitation and humidity are critical
   factors affecting African armyworm outbreaks, with variations in these
   elements significantly influencing the pest population dynamics.  Scenario
   analysis within the model indicates that integrated pest management (IPM)
   strategies, which combine biological control, cultural practices, and
   chemical methods, can effectively reduce armyworm populations, and mitigate
   crop damage.  This approach not only helps manage current infestations but
   also contributes to sustainable agricultural practices by reducing reliance
   on chemical pesticides.  The simulations of the model provide insights into
   the timing and intensity of armyworm outbreaks and illustrate how different
   interventions can alter these dynamics.  For instance, the study highlights
   the effectiveness of early intervention and the potential consequences of
   delayed action, underscoring the importance of timely and informed decision-
   making in pest management.  This research advances the understanding of
   African armyworm ecology and management by providing an approach that can
   predict outbreaks and evaluate the effectiveness of various control
   strategies under different climatic conditions.  By incorporating real-world
   data and simulating realistic scenarios, the model offers a valuable
   resource for researchers, policymakers, and farmers in developing targeted,
   effective, and sustainable pest management strategies.  This study stands
   out for its unique integration of biological, ecological, and IPM
   strategies, providing a holistic approach to addressing the challenges posed
   by S. exempta outbreaks in Africa.  The implications of this work are
   significant, offering potential to enhance food security and economic
   stability in regions affected by the African armyworm, thereby supporting
   broader efforts to manage agricultural pests in a changing global climate.
DE african armyworm prediction; climatic variables; integrated pest management;
   sustainable agriculture
ID spodoptera-exempta lepidoptera; management; noctuidae; migration; increase;
   pest

---

UT 302
AR Ma JR, 2025, PLOS COMPUT BIOL, V21, DOI 10.1371/journal.pcbi.1013186
TI Optimization of echinococcosis control measures based on system dynamics
AU Ma JR; Liu XY; He ZW; Zhang HH; Ma YH; Fan ZQ; Zhao XH; Zhi J; Cao Q; Xue
   HW; Gou HT
TC 1
SO PLOS COMPUT BIOL
PY 2025
AB This study aimed to provide strategies to optimize the prevention and
   control measures of echinococcosis in Gansu Province.  Based on the
   transmission mechanism of echinococcosis, a System Dynamics (SD) model of
   echinococcosis in Gansu Province was established using Vensim software.
   Through this model, parameters such as vaccination coverage, domestic dog
   deworming coverage, slaughter management level, and health education level
   were adjusted to predict the changing trends in the number of human cases
   and infected sheep.  The results showed that the number of human cases was
   most sensitive to the adjustment of health education level, followed by
   changes to vaccination coverage.  The number of infected sheep was most
   sensitive to the adjustment of vaccination coverage, followed by the
   adjustment of slaughter management level.  Based on these simulation
   results, the prevention and control measures for echinococcosis in Gansu
   Province were further optimized.  The results showed that if the health
   education level and the vaccination coverage were increased by 50% and 40%,
   respectively, based on the current prevention and control levels, the number
   of human cases would approach zero by approximately 2026. When the
   vaccination coverage and slaughter management level increased by 60% and
   45%, respectively, based on current prevention and control levels, the
   number of infected sheep would approach zero by approximately 2027. This
   study applied the SD method to the prevention and control of echinococcosis
   for the first time, and the results can provide key decision-making
   recommendations to optimize the prevention and control measures of
   echinococcosis in Gansu province.

---

UT 303
AR Woo TH, 2012, J ENERGY INST, V85, P7, DOI 10.1179/174396711X13116932752236
TI Dynamical risk assessment of electricity generation increasing in nuclear
   power plants
AU Woo TH; Kim YI/1
TC 2
SO J ENERGY INST
PY 2012
AB Event characteristics of nuclear power plants have been quantified in the
   aspect of feedback and accumulation for the sustainability of energy.  The
   complex and difficult manipulations of the power uprate in nuclear power
   plants for electricity generation increasing are modelled using the system
   dynamics method, which is processed by the feedback and accumulation
   algorithms.  Safety as well as economic importance is the key point of the
   study.  A newly introduced plausible value is used in order to quantify the
   basic event of the scenario.  Two kinds of considerations, i.e.  neutronics
   and thermohydraulics properties, are organised.  Therefore, the result can
   improve the stability of the operations after the power has been decided
   upon.  The maximum value of risk is 140.5 in 2070 and the minimum value is
   1.0 in 2010. Therefore, the risk of the power uprate increases 140.5 times
   higher than the initial value in this study.
DE nuclear power plants; sustainability; power uprate; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 304
AR Nalbur BE, 2024, INT J GLOB WARM, V32, DOI 10.1504/IJGW.2024.135989
TI System dynamics model and discrete-event simulation of green logistics cases
   for the electric bus industries
AU Nalbur BE; Yavas O
TC 5
SO INT J GLOB WARM
PY 2024
AB Within the scope of this study, the effect of green logistics activities of
   companies that manufactures electric buses using system dynamics (SD) and
   discrete event simulation (DES) models were investigated.  Hybrid research
   was carried out using Vensim (R) software for the SD model, whereas Arena
   (R) simulation was for the DES model.  When the results are examined, milk-
   run applications can provide a >90% reduction to the company's scope 3
   carbon emissions, while reverse logistics applications provide a 22%
   reduction.  Additionally, 2% was found to be the influence of green
   logistics activities on the corporate carbon footprint of the electric bus
   company.
DE sustainability management; green logistics; sd model; des model; electricity
   vehicles; carbon footprint
ID management

---

UT 305
AR Haiyirete X, 2024, SYST, V12, DOI 10.3390/systems12080315
TI Research on Safety Decision-Making Behavior in Megaprojects
AU Haiyirete X; Gan XC; Wang J
TC 1
SO SYST
PY 2024
AB This research takes the construction companies and supervision units of
   megaprojects as the research objects and studies safety issues in
   construction decision-making for megaprojects.  Using evolutionary game
   theory, we construct an evolutionary game model of safety decision-making
   behavior for construction companies and supervision units based on the
   bounded rationality assumption.  The interaction and dynamic patterns of
   safety behaviors between the two construction entities are analyzed.
   Additionally, system dynamics Vensim PLE 10.2.1 software is employed to
   simulate and analyze the behavior of single entities as well as the impact
   of exogenous variables on the safety decision-making choices of both units.
   The research results indicate that positive choices in safety behavior
   decision-making contribute to enhancing the stability of megaproject
   construction.  Exogenous variables significantly influence the safety
   behavior decisions of both the construction companies and the supervision
   units in megaprojects.  An increase in cooperation benefits between the two
   parties fosters their active collaboration in completing mega engineering
   projects.  This research promotes cooperation between construction companies
   and supervision units during a construction process and provides a reference
   for the safe and orderly implementation and development of megaprojects.
DE megaprojects; evolutionary game; construction safety decision-making;
   systems dynamics
ID risk management; challenges; governance; construction; performance;
   delivery; progress

---

UT 306
AR Nie RS, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16062341
TI Research on the Dynamic Model of Emergency Rescue Resource-Allocation
   Systems for Mine-Fire Accidents, Taking Liquid CO2 Transportation as an
   Example
AU Nie RS; Wang Z/1
TC 4
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB After a mine-fire accident occurs, a large number of emergency resources
   need to be allocated to rescue those involved in the mine-fire accident.
   The allocation of emergency resources for mine-fire accidents has the
   characteristic of being a complex system with strong uncertainty.  To
   investigate the impact of various variables on the allocation of emergency
   resources in mine-fire situations, this paper analyzes the relevant factors
   that influence the process of allocating emergency resources during mine
   fires.  It defines the variables of the mine-fire emergency resource-
   allocation system based on relevant assumptions.  Causal loop and stock flow
   diagrams are drawn to illustrate the relationships between the variables and
   the system dynamics equation.  Finally, a system dynamics model for mine-
   fire emergency resource allocation is established.  The Vensim software was
   used to simulate the model of a mine-fire emergency rescue.  The simulation
   produced curves for the evolution rate of the fire, the arrival rate, the
   demand for emergency resources, in-transit resources, arrival, and the usage
   of resources during the emergency.  The results indicate a positive
   correlation between the quantity of emergency resources in-transit and the
   arrival rate of emergency resources: they are positively correlated with the
   amount of emergency-management investment.  Additionally, the duration of
   the maximum quantity of emergency resources in-transit is positively
   correlated with the length of the emergency resource-allocation route.  On
   the other hand, the evolution rate of the mine fire and the arrival rate of
   its emergency resources are negatively correlated with the level of
   emergency management.  The evolution rate of the mine fire becomes larger
   and the damage caused by the mine-fire accident is greater when the
   decision-making ability of commanders is at a low level.
DE mine fire; system dynamics; emergency resources allocation; emergency
   rescue; system simulation

---

UT 307
AR Wang G, 2021, APPL ECOL ENV RES, V19, P525, DOI 10.15666/aeer/1901_525548
TI SIMULATION STUDY ON THE ARTIFICIAL ECOSYSTEM OF MARINE RANCHING AT DALIAN
   ZHANGZI ISLAND
AU Wang G; Guan XX; Shi YH
TC 5
SO APPL ECOL ENV RES
PY 2021
AB This study is based on the Vensim model with the Yesso scallop food chain as
   the core, combined with the multiple feedback effects of functional groups
   and environmental changes, to build an ecologicalenvironment-economy system
   dynamics simulation model of marine ranching, which is both human and
   natural Multi-factor feedback scenarios are simulated and predicted.  The
   research results show that under natural conditions, the yield of Yesso
   scallop is mainly affected by natural disasters, with a stable period of
   about 10 billion grains, and the output value fluctuates around 10,236,922
   EUR. The four controllable variables, fishing policy, development
   environment of Yesso scallop, sudden major natural disaster coefficient, and
   long-thorn starfish outbreak coefficient, have the most significant impact
   on Yesso scallop production.  The large-scale outbreak and sudden large-
   scale outbreak of the long thorn starfish natural disasters can cause
   destructive production reductions in the Yesso scallop, but the local
   economic losses can be minimized through human control.  The simulation
   model provides a scientific and feasible method for exploring the ecological
   elasticity of marine ranches and the maximum output of economic species.
DE ecosystem; system dynamics; ecological restoration; multi-scenario
   simulation

---

UT 308
AR Dong YY, 2024, KNOWL MANAG RES PR, V22, P282, DOI
   10.1080/14778238.2023.2189170
TI Research on the process of knowledge value co-creation between manufacturing
   enterprises and internet enterprises
AU Dong YY; Yao XR; Wei ZP
TC 6
SO KNOWL MANAG RES PR
PY 2024
AB This research establishes a theoretical framework for knowledge value co-
   creation and analyses the knowledge value co-creation process of
   manufacturing enterprises and internet enterprises with the internet
   platform participation in three stages.  Meanwhile, we use the system
   dynamics method to analyse the causality of knowledge value co-creation,
   establish the model of the system flow chart, and use Vensim software to
   perform simulation and sensitivity analyses of the model.  The findings show
   that cloud computing capability can increase the knowledge stock of
   manufacturing enterprises and internet enterprises.  The knowledge
   governance environment of the internet platform has a significant impact on
   the knowledge value co-creation of both partners.  Improving the level of
   smart manufacturing can increase the amount of knowledge innovation of
   manufacturing enterprises but has a small impact on the knowledge stock of
   internet enterprises.  Our research provides practical guidance to enhance
   the knowledge value co-creation between manufacturing enterprises and
   internet enterprises.
DE knowledge value co-creation; system dynamics model; knowledge transfer

---

UT 309
AR [Anonymous], 2022, J GEOGR SCI, V32, P1513, DOI 10.1007/s11442-022-2008-3
TI Simulating the development of resilient human settlement in Changsha
TC 17
SO J GEOGR SCI
PY 2022
AB Using the system dynamics simulation software Vensim PLE, we built a model
   to simulate the development of resilient human settlement in Changsha.  This
   model includes five subsystems: living, economy, society, ecology and
   engineering.  The model simulates various scenarios, based on different
   parameter settings to predict the trend of human settlement from 2019-2040
   in Changsha.  It puts forward four development programs under different
   simulation scenarios.  The results show that the current system of human
   settling lacks self-regulation and feedback, where simple increases in the
   economy and urbanization cannot drive the internal system to progress
   positively.  In contrast, the resilient human settlement program is more
   reasonable and scientific, up to the year 2040, the production, living and
   ecological environment of residents will be markedly improved in terms of
   per capita disposable income, per capita floor space and medical insurance
   coverage; these will increase by 98.9%, 39.7%, and 170.7%, respectively.
   This system of developing resilient human settlement provides feedback
   according to the internal relation loops and thus drives itself to adjust
   and recover, achieving harmonious and sustainable development.  In the
   forthcoming development, we should take the initiative to optimize economic
   development and upgrade industrial structures, establish emergency plans and
   response mechanisms to enhance human quality of life.
DE human settlement; resilience; system dynamics; simulation; sustainable
   development

---

UT 310
AR Perng YH, 2007, QUAL MANAG BUS EXCELL, V18, P731, DOI
   10.1080/14783360701349716
TI A service quality improvement dynamic decision support system for
   refurbishment contractors
AU Perng YH; Hsia YP; Lu HJ
TC 17
SO QUAL MANAG BUS EXCELL
PY 2007
AB A refurbishment industry grows as a nation gradually develops.  To assist
   contractors in building core competencies as well as sustaining competitive
   advantages, a service quality dynamic decision support system (SQDDSS) is
   proposed in this paper.  This system adopts the system dynamics approach as
   the construction model for continuous improvement of service quality.  On
   the basis of quantitative management, a cyclic procedure is developed,
   including current assessment, issue investigation, strategy-making,
   execution performance, feedback and improvement.  Aided by feedback loop
   analysis in the dynamic system and longitudinal case simulation for all
   related scenarios, the decision-maker may constantly achieve optimal
   strategies.  The procedure consists of a model base module, a database
   module and a user interface.  Within the model base, a service quality
   measurement model is built according to SERVQUAL, introduced by Parasuraman
   et al.  (1988), which is provided to measure service quality, while an
   optimal function is applied to assist contractors in developing optimal
   strategy and evaluating required resources.  A case of a housing
   refurbishing company SQDDSS run by the package software, Powersim Studio is
   selected to demonstrate the proposed system.
DE service quality; system dynamics; decision support system ( dss );
   refurbishment

---

UT 311
AR Kim YI, 2017, J NUCL SCI TECHNOL, V54, P39, DOI
   10.1080/00223131.2016.1204255
TI Safety assessment for the ultimate heat sink (UHS) system with non-injection
   concept in nuclear power plants (NPPs)
AU Kim YI; Woo TH/2
TC 0
SO J NUCL SCI TECHNOL
PY 2017
AB Following the Fukushima accident, it is proposed to find a better safety
   system, which has a pool-type cooling system without coolant injections.
   Since the conventional piping-based injection systems have failed in
   treating the three major severe accidents, the artificial pool could be
   constructed to cover the failed reactor core systems in which the pool-like
   structure is constructed.  Regarding this study, there were some previous
   studies about the ultimate heat sink (UHS). In this study, the system
   dynamics (SD) modeling is performed in the case of Fukushima Unit 1
   accident.  The basic events are obtained by the Boolean values as 0 and 1.
   The quantifications are obtained by the SD algorithm incorporated with the
   Vensim software.  In the simulations work, there is a plateau region between
   the 25th and 45th years in the interested period.  The nonlinear algorithm
   is applied for the UHS analysis which was not installed for the commercial
   use yet.
DE fukushima accident; ultimate heat sink ( uhs ); system dynamics ( sd );
   vensim; nuclear power plants
ID strategy

---

UT 312
AR Dai PQ, 2025, PROMET, V37, P1071, DOI 10.7307/ptt.v37i4.844
TI Research on the Operation Strategy of Rural Logistics Network with
   Comprehensive Consideration of Cost, Efficiency and Benefit
AU Dai PQ; Lu CL; Xu J
TC 0
SO PROMET
PY 2025
AB The high-cost and low-efficiency rural logistics network is a bottleneck
   that restricts the flow of commodities and economic development between
   urban and rural areas.  In view of this, this paper uses the system dynamics
   modelling method to first analyse the constituent elements of the rural
   logistics network operation system and the relationship between them and
   draw the causal diagram.  Secondly, quantify the causal diagram with the
   dynamics equations, and establish the stock and flow diagram.  Thirdly, set
   the relevant parameters, and carry out the structural, parametric and
   sensitivity tests with Vensim software.  Finally, for the scenarios of
   dealing with general commodities and fresh agricultural products, the
   simulation of rural logistics network operation is carried out, which
   reveals the feedback mechanism between network operation efficiency,
   logistics cost and operating enterprise benefits, and simulates the
   implementation effects of different operation strategies from both
   endogenous and exogenous levels to explore how to build a rural logistics
   network with high efficiency, low cost and increased benefits.  The results
   show that networked, organised and intelligent operation plans, logistics
   land use policies, and carbon tax policies are high-leverage measures to
   reduce cost and increase efficiency in rural logistics networks.  However,
   attention should be paid to distinguishing between implementation stages and
   the attributes of the implemented enterprises, focusing on the reduction of
   logistics land cost at the early stage of network construction, levying
   logistics carbon tax and paying attention to the reduction of the transport
   fee rate at the mature stage of network operation and increasing policy
   preferences for fresh agricultural products logistics enterprises.
DE rural logistics network; operation strategy; system dynamics

---

UT 313
AR Flores B, 2024, INT J SIMUL MODEL, V23, P611, DOI 10.2507/IJSIMM23-4-700
TI HYBRID DYNAMIC ANALYSIS OF THE MANUFACTURING PROCESS OF LIGHTWEIGHT BRICKS
AU Flores B; Rodriguez L; Silva U; Loyo J
TC 0
SO INT J SIMUL MODEL
PY 2024
AB In this study, the hybrid simulation approach was adapted using the System
   Dynamics methodology to characterize continuous and discrete variables in
   the lightweight brick manufacturing process.  Vensim (R) software was used
   to evaluate the effects of delays in production flows at specific time
   intervals, and the continuous impact of variability in the stages of the
   process was established.  The results demonstrate that carrying out a
   continuous evaluation of the input flow of raw material does not impact the
   accumulation of material.  However, when assessing the monitoring of delay
   times in a discrete approach, there is a direct impact on batch formation
   and production capacity fulfilment, resulting in an 8.54 % increase.  In
   conclusion, it is crucial to not only characterize the variables but also to
   assess their impact using an overarching indicator, such as production
   capacity, rather than focusing solely on subsequent stages.  This
   comprehensive approach enables strategic decision-making to identify areas
   of opportunity within the process.
DE manufacturing process; discrete behavior; continuous behavior; hybrid
   simulation; system dynamics
ID simulation-based optimization; discrete-event simulation; systems; model

---

UT 314
AR Nazarian-Jashnabadi J, 2023, EXPERT SYST APPL, V234, DOI
   10.1016/j.eswa.2023.121010
TI A dynamic expert system to increase patient satisfaction with an integrated
   approach of system dynamics, ISM, and ANP methods
AU Nazarian-Jashnabadi J; Bonab SR; Haseli G; Tomaskova H; Hajiaghaei-Keshteli
   M
TC 18
SO EXPERT SYST APPL
PY 2023
AB It is unquestionable that health, both individually and collectively, is the
   most important issue in life, which is why human beings pay special
   attention to health maintenance and recovery.  The correct performance of
   the services attracts the patient's satisfaction, which is not only
   influenced by the latest technology and is influenced by many variables.
   Therefore, the present study provides a dynamic expert system of patient
   satisfaction with an integrated approach of system dynamics, Interpretive
   Structural Modeling (ISM), and Analytic network process (ANP). First, the
   general structure of the problem was determined based on ISM modeling, and
   the formulation was done in Vensim software.  Then, the validation tests,
   including the behavior reproduction test and the sensitivity analysis, were
   carried out, and the accuracy of the system was proved.  In this regard, the
   ISM method was used to identify the levels of causal relationships between
   the studied variables, and the most influential variables were identified.
   Then, the most important criteria were identified with the ANP method and
   used in identifying policies.  Finally, the simulation was carried out, and
   different policies were reviewed.  The results showed that the criteria were
   placed on three levels, and the type of connection and their importance were
   clearly defined.  The ISM and ANP methods have an interesting synergy with
   the system dynamics approach and help identify leverage points.  According
   to the results, managers can adopt strategies that affect patient
   satisfaction with the greatest impact and the least action and take
   corrective measures.
DE patient satisfaction; health system; dynamic expert system; ism; anp
ID health; care

---

UT 315
AR Maleki R, 2023, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V40, P573, DOI 10.1002/sres.2848
TI Application of community-based system dynamics for the management of rural
   households' vulnerability to the drying of Urmia Lake
AU Maleki R; Nooripoor M; Sharifi Z; Petrescu DC
TC 1
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2023
AB The drying of Urmia Lake, the largest inland lake in Iran, is one of the
   greatest ecological disasters in Iran, and it was repeatedly included on the
   agenda of national and international conventions.  The aim of the current
   study was to apply the system dynamics methodology to analyse rural
   households' vulnerability to the Urmia Lake drying.  The result of the first
   phase (strategy collection) indicated that five strategies were proposed by
   stakeholders: 'To reduce the population of the region', 'To reduce the crop
   area and agricultural activities', 'To modify the cultivation pattern and
   growing crops with low water needs', 'To use new irrigation systems' and 'To
   create alternative agricultural livelihoods with less dependence on damaged
   resources'. The second phase used Vensim software and indicated that the
   best strategy to reduce households' vulnerability to the drying of Urmia
   Lake was 'To create alternative agricultural livelihoods with less
   dependence on damaged resources'.
DE alternative livelihoods; causal loop diagrams; cultivation pattern;
   modeling; vensim
ID impacts

---

UT 316
AR Teng JY, 2016, SUSTAIN CITIES SOC, V23, P50, DOI 10.1016/j.scs.2016.02.018
TI Decision-making tools for evaluation the impact on the eco-footprint and
   eco-environmental quality of green building development policy
AU Teng JY; Wang PY; Wu XG; Xu C
TC 23
SO SUST CITIES SOC
PY 2016
AB Building projects consume large amount of energy and resources, and emit
   solid waste and CO2 harmful to the eco-environment.  In order to study the
   eco-environmental impact of green building development policies, a "Green
   Building Eco-environment (GBE)" model is constructed with the method of
   System Dynamics and implemented using the Vensim software.  The model is
   used to simulate and evaluate the current state and future trend of
   variation of the eco-environmental impact of green building development in
   Wuhan during the years 2008-2050 under current green building development
   policies.  Some policy factors are then adjusted in the simulation to
   determine the optimal green building development policies, under which the
   quality of the regional ecological environment in Wuhan would be improved
   most economically.  (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE ecological system; system simulation; strategy optimization
ID system dynamics model; ecological footprint; carrying-capacity; construction

---

UT 317
AR Jetha A, 2017, BMC HEAL SERV RES, V17, DOI 10.1186/s12913-016-1955-8
TI Conceptualizing the dynamics of workplace stress: a systems-based study of
   nursing aides
AU Jetha A; Kernan L; Kurowski A
TC 22
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2017
AB Background: Workplace stress is a complex phenomenon that may often be
   dynamic and evolving over time.  Traditional linear modeling does not allow
   representation of recursive feedback loops among the implicated factors.
   The objective of this study was to develop a multidimensional system
   dynamics model (SDM) of workplace stress among nursing aides and conduct
   simulations to illustrate how changes in psychosocial perceptions and
   workplace factors might influence workplace stress over time.  Methods:
   Eight key informants with prior experience in a large study of US nursing
   home workers participated in model building.  Participants brainstormed the
   range of components related to workplace stress.  Components were grouped
   together based on common themes and translated into feedback loops.  The SDM
   was parameterized through key informant insight on the shape and magnitude
   of the relationship between model components.  Model construction was also
   supported utilizing survey data collected as part of the larger study.  All
   data was entered into the software program, Vensim.  Simulations were
   conducted to examine how adaptations to model components would influence
   workplace stress.  Results: The SDM included perceptions of organizational
   conditions (e.g., job demands and job control), workplace social support
   (i.e., managerial and coworker social support), workplace safety, and
   demands outside of work (i.e.  work-family conflict). Each component was
   part of a reinforcing feedback loop.  Simulations exhibited that scenarios
   with increasing job control and decreasing job demands led to a decline in
   workplace stress.  Within the context of the system, the effects of
   workplace social support, workplace safety, and work-family conflict were
   relatively minor.  Conclusion: SDM methodology offers a unique perspective
   for researchers and practitioners to view workplace stress as a dynamic
   process.  The portrayal of multiple recursive feedback loops can guide the
   development of policies and programs within complex organizational contexts
   with attention both to interactions among causes and avoidance of adverse
   unintended consequences.  While additional research is needed to further
   test the modeling approach, findings might underscore the need to direct
   workplace interventions towards changing organizational conditions for
   nursing aides.
DE workplace stress; system dynamics; nursing aides
ID randomized controlled-trial; control-support model; job strain; social
   support; hospital nurses; elderly care; health; demands; work; satisfaction

---

UT 318
AR Yuan HP, 2012, WASTE MANAGE, V32, P1218, DOI 10.1016/j.wasman.2012.01.028
TI A model for evaluating the social performance of construction waste
   management
AU Yuan HP/1
TC 109
SO WASTE MANAG
PY 2012
AB It has been determined by existing literature that a lot of research efforts
   have been made to the economic performance of construction waste management
   (CWM), but less attention is paid to investigation of the social performance
   of CWM. This study therefore attempts to develop a model for quantitatively
   evaluating the social performance of CWM by using a system dynamics (SD)
   approach.  Firstly, major variables affecting the social performance of CWM
   are identified and a holistic system for assessing the social performance of
   CWM is formulated in line with feedback relationships underlying these
   variables.  The developed system is then converted into a SD model through
   the software iThink.  An empirical case study is finally conducted to
   demonstrate application of the model.  Results of model validation indicate
   that the model is robust and reasonable to reflect the situation of the real
   system under study.  Findings of the case study offer helpful insights into
   effectively promoting the social performance of CWM of the project
   investigated.  Furthermore, the model exhibits great potential to function
   as an experimental platform for dynamically evaluating effects of management
   measures on improving the social performance of CWM of construction
   projects.  (c) 2012 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE construction waste management; system dynamics; social performance;
   management measure
ID demolition waste

---

UT 319
AR Dvornik J, 2007, INT J TURBO JET-ENGINES, V24, P119
TI A contribution to the analysis of the performance of the gas turbine using
   simulation
AU Dvornik J; Tireli E
TC 0
SO INT J TURBO JET-ENGINES
PY 2007
AB The aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamic simulation modelling for studying performance dynamics of the gas
   turbine in load conditions.  This study is conducted using an example of
   load of synchronous generator.  Gas turbine at the load of synchronous
   generator is a complex non-linear system, which needs to be systematically
   investigated as a unit consisting of a number of subsystems and elements,
   which are linked by cause-effect (UPV) feedback loops (KPD), both within the
   propulsion system and with the relevant surrounding.  In this paper the
   authors will present an efficient application of scientific methods for the
   study of complex dynamic systems called qualitative and quantitative
   simulation System Dynamics Methodology.  This methodology will allow
   generation and application of higher number and types of simulation models
   of the observed elements.  Furthermore, this methodology will allow
   continuous computer simulation that will significantly contribute to the
   acquisition of new knowledge about the nonlinear characteristics of
   performance dynamics of turbine and generator system in the process of
   designing and learning.  Gas turbine will be presented by a set of non-
   linear differential equations, after which mental-verbal structural models
   and flowcharts in System dynamics symbols will be produced, and the
   performance dynamics in load condition will be simulated in POWERSIM
   simulation language.
DE system dynamics; synchronous generator; twin shaft gas turbine; continuous
   and discrete simulation and heuristics optimization

---

UT 320
AR Song YG, 2015, J KOREAN ACAD NURS, V45, P280, DOI 10.4040/jkan.2015.45.2.280
TI Model for Unplanned Self Extubation of ICU Patients Using System Dynamics
   Approach
AU Song YG; Yun EK
TC 4
SO J KOREAN ACAD NURS
PY 2015
AB Purpose: In this study a system dynamics methodology was used to identify
   correlation and nonlinear feedback structure among factors affecting
   unplanned extubation (UE) of ICU patients and to construct and verify a
   simulation model.  Methods: Factors affecting UE were identified through a
   theoretical background established by reviewing literature and preceding
   studies and referencing various statistical data.  Related variables were
   decided through verification of content validity by an expert group.  A
   causal loop diagram (CLD) was made based on the variables.  Stock & Flow
   modeling using Vensim PLE Plus Version 6.0b was performed to establish a
   model for UE. Results: Based on the literature review and expert
   verification, 18 variables associated with UE were identified and OLD was
   prepared.  From the prepared OLD, a model was developed by converting to the
   Stock & Flow Diagram.  Results of the simulation showed that patient stress,
   patient in an agitated state, restraint application, patient movability, and
   individual intensive nursing were variables giving the greatest effect to UE
   probability.  To verify agreement of the UE model with real situations,
   simulation with 5 cases was performed.  Equation check and sensitivity
   analysis on TIME STEP were executed to validate model integrity.
   Conclusion: Results show that identification of a proper model enables
   prediction of UE probability.  This prediction allows for adjustment of
   related factors, and provides basic data do develop nursing interventions to
   decrease UE.
DE airway extubation; intensive care units; nonlinear dynamics
ID intensive care patients; risk-factors; reintubation; outcomes

---

UT 321
AR Wang YL, 2019, J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY, V11, DOI 10.1063/1.5085829
TI The effect of electric-power substitution policy on the energy
   transformation in China: A system-dynamics approach
AU Wang YL; Zhang YY; Yang JL; Zhang FL; Wang S; Ma YZ
TC 3
SO J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY
PY 2019
AB Accurate forecasting of regional energy supply and demand is of great
   significance for exploring alternative energies and promoting a strategic
   energy transformation.  To support this transformation in China, we predict
   the Chinese energy demand and explore connections between energy
   substitution and energy structure transformation.  To study how the
   electric-power substitution (EPS) policy affects energy demand in China, we
   construct a dynamic management model based on the approach of system
   dynamics and implement it by using Vensim software.  This model is used to
   simulate and assess how, under different scenarios, the EPS policy affects
   energy demand and CO2 emissions in China for the period 2015-2035. The
   simulation shows the indispensable role of the EPS policy in promoting the
   transformation of China's energy structure.
ID demand; prediction; validation; models

---

UT 322
AR Musa MFC, 2024, J INT ORAL HEAL, V16, P403, DOI 10.4103/jioh.jioh_133_24
TI Scenario Modeling for Dentistry in Malaysia: Utilization, Privatization, and
   Specialization
AU Musa MFC; Morgan J; Harper P; Bernabe E; Gallagher JE
TC 0
SO J INT ORAL HEAL
PY 2024
AB Aim: To study to model future clinical dental workforce scenarios in
   Malaysia, in relation to population need-demand, to inform future change.
   Materials and Methods: A system dynamics (SD) model was developed in Vensim-
   software to model the need/ demand and supply for dental care across public-
   private sectors over 3 decades (2010-2040). This model included two sub-
   models relating to "need/demand" and "supply," drawing on national evidence
   from two previous studies (student career surveys and interviews of key
   stakeholders nationally), together with relevant available data.  This SD
   model provided the baseline model (S1) for Malaysia and four-distinctive-
   scenarios (S2-5), involving enhancing generalists-specialists across public-
   private sectors.  An additional scenario (S6) was run to optimize workforce
   utilization, informed by career expectations of emerging graduates drawing
   on earlier scenarios (S2-5). Results: Modeling future five-scenarios
   highlighted the gap in dental workforce nationally across both sectors could
   range from a surplus of a total of 3739 dentists and 817 therapists in the
   baseline scenario to a total shortfall of 1249 dentists and surplus of 817
   therapists by the year 2040, influenced by dentist working patterns,
   specialization, and privatization.  Increasing the potential for specialist
   training and permitting emerging graduates' to working part-time, while
   optimizing public sector primary care, and responding to the career
   expectations of emerging graduates, has the potential to absorb potential
   oversupply, and, thus, utilize the entire clinician dental workforce in
   Malaysia in the medium term.  Conclusion: The findings of this model
   demonstrate the short-term requirement to expand the Malaysian dental
   workforce to meet dental needs of the population, highlighting that
   continued production at the current rate will result in oversupply, unless
   action is taken to maximize primary care, enhance specialization, and
   embrace flexible working to meet career expectations of graduates.
DE malaysia; privatization; specialization; system dynamics; workforce modeling

---

UT 323
AR Eversole CB, 2018, HERPETOL MONOGR, V32, P22, DOI
   10.1655/HERPMONOGRAPHS-D-17-00005
TI A Theoretical Population and Harvest Model for American Alligators
   (Alligator mississippiensis)
AU Eversole CB; Henke SE; Turner BL; Glasscock SN; Powell RL; Wester DB;
   Ballard BM
TC 9
SO HERPETOL MONOGR
PY 2018
AB The American Alligator (Alligator mississippiensis) is a crocodilian species
   that was once listed as endangered in the United States but is now harvested
   both recreationally and commercially throughout its range in the
   southeastern United States.  Harvest of alligators typically includes egg
   collecting and hunting.  However, review of scientific literature reveals
   that the effects of harvest on alligator populations have received little
   scientific scrutiny.  We built a theoretical simulation model to evaluate
   the impact of several harvest strategies on long-term (i.e., 100 yr)
   alligator population trends.  We used system dynamics software to develop
   the model and acquired data for the model from literature and field studies
   on alligator ecology.  Although widely applicable across the species range
   and for other crocodilians, we used the Texas alligator management program
   as an example for model use.  Results of model simulations showed that
   current harvest (50% egg harvest, 2% subadult harvest, 2% adult harvest) is
   sustainable, but alligator populations will stabilize at levels below
   population potential.  The best harvest scenario for a sustainable harvest
   that maintains alligator populations at a relatively unchanging level is a
   38% egg harvest, 2% subadult harvest, and 2% adult harvest.  An elevated egg
   harvest (80%) can be sustained if no hunting harvest occurs.  Contrarily, an
   increased hunting harvest (4% subadult, 4% adult) can be sustained with no
   egg harvest.  This model identifies the function of current alligator
   harvest within populations and provides a tool for future use in determining
   the effect of changes in harvest or life-history characteristics on
   alligator population dynamics.
DE harvest management; population ecology; quantitative modeling; systems
   dynamics; vensim
ID growth; immigration; management; dynamics; size

---

UT 324
AR Chunga BA, 2023, PHYS CHEM EARTH, V129, DOI 10.1016/j.pce.2022.103355
TI Water allocation using system dynamic modelling in the aquaculture
   integrated with small-scale irrigation systems in Malawi
AU Chunga BA; Marx W; Cai XL; de Clercq W; Watson A; Malota M
TC 4
SO PHYS CHEM EARTH
PY 2023
AB The agricultural sector is faced with numerous challenges including climate
   change and water scarcity in many developing countries.  In order to address
   scarcity and improve water use efficiency for rural farmers, fish farming is
   being integrated with small-scale irrigation.  However, there are challenges
   in how to allocate water between the two farming enterprises.  This study
   explored the capabilities of system dynamics to allocate water between a
   fish pond and a crop field in Chingale, Malawi using a system dynamic
   software, VensimTM PLE. For soil water and pond water, a simple water
   balance structure was built and connected to the crop growth structure.
   Simulations run for 125 days corresponding to the maize growth period.
   Model results are similar to the actual yield (about 3.5 ton/ha for hybrid)
   and biomass production (about 7 ton/ha) in the area.  Results also show it
   was possible to maintain pond water depth at recommended depths for raising
   fish: fish stocking (1 m), operation of the pond (1.5-2.0 m) and harvesting
   of the fish (less than 1.2 m) throughout the maize growing period.  While
   the study did not comprehensively build and simulate fish growth, the use of
   such simple tools would benefit rural farmers with few resources.  Based on
   the promising capabilities and the results of the tool it is recommended
   that further comprehensive analysis to fully incorporate all key sub-
   components affecting crop and fish growth be carried out.
DE system dynamics; vensim model; decision support tool; chingale; small-scale
   irrigation
ID decision-support-systems; resources management; rainfall variability; basin

---

UT 325
AR Zhao H, 2022, ENVIRON SCI POLLUT R, V29, P53522, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-17570-8
TI Establishing a risk dynamic evolution model to predict and solve the problem
   of urban flood disaster
AU Zhao H; Li ZJ; Zhang JQ
TC 7
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB Under the influence of global climate change and rapid urbanization, urban
   flood disaster becomes more and more serious.  Urban flood disaster risk
   assessment and risk response strategy have become a hot issue in sponge city
   research.  This study introduce the basic concept of sponge urban
   construction risk and the basic theory, using the grounded theory to
   determine the sponge risk factors for urban construction, building based on
   system dynamics dynamic evolution model of the urban construction risk,
   sponge city construction in Jiangxi province as the research object, the
   application of Vensim PLE software carries on the simulation results.  This
   paper analyzes the dynamic development situation and key risk factors of
   each sub-risk system in the whole life cycle, and discusses what
   countermeasures should be taken to reduce the risk of sponge city
   construction.
DE sponge city; system dynamics; grounded theory; full life-cycle; risk dynamic
   evolution
ID low impact development; stormwater management; green infrastructure; water
   management; climate-change; city; barriers; runoff

---

UT 326
AR Al-Kofahi ZG, 2022, INT J CONSTR MANAG, V22, P1355, DOI
   10.1080/15623599.2020.1711494
TI System dynamics modeling approach to quantify change orders impact on labor
   productivity 1: principles and model development comparative study
AU Al-Kofahi ZG; Mahdavian A; Oloufa A
TC 49
SO INT J CONSTR MANAG
PY 2022
AB In construction projects, change orders are commonly issued by the owner and
   may cause interruption to the contractor's work, resulting in loss of labor
   productivity, delay, and cost overruns, which may lead to claims.  Because
   of the complexity in linking the cause of the productivity loss to the
   change order, the relationship is not well understood.  The contractor must
   prove with a credible calculation that the productivity loss was a result of
   the change order issued by the owner to be able to receive compensation.
   Compared to all available productivity loss quantification methods, the
   measured mile approach is considered the most acceptable and popular in
   litigation.  This study is a discourse on the understanding, use, and
   potential application of system dynamics within quantifying change orders'
   impact on labor productivity.  The model boundary, including Endogenous and
   Exogenous variables, are identified.  After determining the parameters used
   in modeling, the CLD is constructed to understand the system structure
   better.  A system dynamics model is developed using Vensim software,
   verified, validated, and utilized to quantitatively measure the influence of
   the change in the project scope on labor productivity.  To examine the
   applicability of the proposed model, it has been implemented to a real
   highway construction case study, and the impacts of various variables on
   labor productivity loss have been studied using the data for two completed
   highway construction projects from FDOT. The study can be applied to
   construction projects that faced change orders, and as a result of these
   changes, the contractor's performance was affected.  The proposed model can
   be used to determine the primary sources that result in labor productivity
   loss on a specific type of task.
DE system dynamic; change orders; labor productivity; model development;
   construction projects

---

UT 327
AR Wang YC, 2025, PLOS, V20, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0331703
TI A System dynamics analysis of the factors influencing the promotion of
   prefabricated decoration, based on a co-occurrence network
AU Wang YC; Liu JT; Zhang GW; Geng XX; Liu Y
TC 0
SO PLOS
PY 2025
AB Prefabricated decoration effectively addresses resource waste, environmental
   pollution, and quality issues associated with traditional decoration
   methods.  It also enhances the functionality of prefabricated buildings and
   offers promising market potential.  Currently, insufficient attention from
   both the public and managers hinders prefabricated decoration development.
   To address this, this study analyzed 68 relevant documents from the China
   National Knowledge Infrastructure and Web of Science databases, identified
   34 factors affecting the promotion of prefabricated decoration, and
   constructed a co-occurrence network model based on an adjacency matrix.  The
   centrality index was used to identify four key factors related to the three
   core stakeholders: government support, technical level, developers'
   willingness to use, and consumers' willingness to use.  Subsequently, the
   four key factors were simulated using Vensim software.  The evolutionary
   trends of the system and the interactions between these factors were
   analyzed.  The findings reveal that both developers and consumers show
   strong sensitivity to financial subsidies.  As a result, the government can
   effectively increase subsidies to encourage adoption of prefabricated
   decoration.  Additionally, enhancing the use of BIM technology throughout
   the project life cycle has been shown to promote synergy within the
   industrial chain, thereby improving promotion efficiency.  Consumer feedback
   is essential for ensuring policy accuracy and plays a crucial role in
   advancing the industry's development.  The novel contributions of this paper
   include the integration of co-occurrence network analysis with a system
   dynamics model, identifying key factors through the co-occurrence network,
   and uncovering the complex interactions between these factors via the system
   dynamics model.  Based on the simulation results, this study predicts the
   development prospects of prefabricated decoration, offering both a
   theoretical foundation and practical guidance for policy formulation and
   promotion strategies.
ID hong-kong; construction; technology; performance; emissions; projects;
   impact; risks; level; china

---

UT 328
AR Kivuti-Bitok LW, 2014, COST EFF RESOUR ALLOC, V12, DOI
   10.1186/1478-7547-12-26
TI System dynamics model of cervical cancer vaccination and screening
   interventions in Kenya
AU Kivuti-Bitok LW; McDonnell G; Abdul R; Pokhariyal GP
TC 9
SO COST EFF RESOUR ALLOC
PY 2014
AB Objectives: This paper presents a simulation model for evaluating the
   possible effects of a screening and vaccination campaign against Human
   Papillomavirus [HPV] in Kenya.  Method: A System Dynamics model was
   developed using the iThink (TM) computer simulation package.  The model was
   based on data extracted from epidemiological, demographic and published
   research and where data was not available, expert opinion was sought.  The
   deterministic model stratified the population by vaccination status,
   screening status and HPV infection status.  The model was simulated to
   estimate outputs for the next 50 years from 2011. Cost Utility indicators of
   Disability Adjusted Life Years (DALYs) and cost per averted DALY were used
   for economic evaluation.  Results: The model predicted that catch up
   vaccination had the greatest impact in reducing the prevalence of cervical
   cancer.  This was followed by Primary vaccination, with early detection
   through Screening having the lowest impact of the three choices of
   interventions in respect of averted cases of cervical cancer and DALY
   estimates.  Conclusion: Kenya as a country should consider adoption of
   secondary/catch up vaccination as an immediate measure to curb cervical
   cancer followed by primary vaccination of pre-adolescent girls.  Screening
   should be a complementary measure(s). This model provides a policy decision
   support vehicle that can allow for choice between different interventions
   based on their expected outcomes.  It also allows modification to
   accommodate new research results and information to assess the clinical
   impact of different policies and interventions in cervical cancer management
   in Kenya.
DE dynamic; simulation; cervical; cancer; kenya

---

UT 329
AR Dou SH, 2014, J IND ENG MANAG, V7, P573, DOI 10.3926/jiem.1036
TI Study on Logistics Industry Development Policy of Beijing Based on System
   Dynamic
AU Dou SH; Li XM; Li XW; Gou JQ
TC 2
SO J IND ENG MANAG
PY 2014
AB Purpose: This paper is committed to design a logistics industry development
   policy model based on system dynamic to simulate the policy measures which
   promote region economic and logistics efficiency.  The interaction between
   logistic industry development policy and economy needs to be investigated
   and the influence degree of logistic efficiency affected by industry policy
   needs to be identified too.  Design/methodology/approach: In order to
   achieve the objective, it makes a system analysis from industry perspective
   to divide system into economic growth subsystem, logistics demand subsystem
   and logistics supply subsystem.  Then the hypothesis and the boundaries are
   defined, and the causal diagram and system flow diagrams are drawn.  The
   paper designs parameters and structural equation by the sample of Beijing
   using the econometrics model and takes model validation.  Taking Beijing as
   an example, logistics industry development policy is simulated from the
   aspect of technological progress, increasing fixed assets investment,
   adjusting the industrial structure proportion and comprehensive policy by
   changing the parameters using Vensim- PLE. Findings: After logistics
   development policy is highly simulated by system dynamic model of logistics
   industry development policy, it is found that the policies of technological
   progress, fixed assets investment increasing, the industrial structure
   proportion adjustment and the comprehensive policy have different function
   to affect GDP, logistics demand, supply capacity and actual logistics costs.
   Originality/value: Compared with the previous research, this paper analyzes
   the interactive mechanism between logistics industry policy and region
   economy from a system perspective and establishes system dynamics model of
   logistics industry development policy to make up for the limitation of
   previous research.
DE logistics industry; system dynamics; regional economy; policy proposal

---

UT 330
AR Woo TH/2, 2013, ATW-INT J NUCL POWER, V58, P236
TI Safety Assessment for Electricity Generation Failure Accident of Gas Cooled
   Nuclear Power Plant using System Dynamics (SD) Method
AU Woo TH/2
TC 0
SO ATW-INT J NUCL POWER
PY 2013
AB The power production failure happens in the loss of coolant of the nuclear
   power plants (NPPs). The air ingress is a serious accident in gas cooled
   NPPs.  The quantification of the study performed by the system dynamics (SD)
   method which is processed by the feedback algorithms.  The Vensim software
   package is used for the simulation, which is performed by the Monte-Carlo
   method.  Two kinds of considerations as the economic and safety properties
   are important in NPPs.  The result shows the stability of the operation when
   the power can be decided.  The maximum value of risk is the 11.77 in 43rd
   and the minimum value is 0.0 in several years.  So, the success of the
   circulation of coolant is simulated by the dynamical values.
ID pipe rupture accident; air ingress

---

UT 331
AR Chen WK, 2021, SUSTAIN, V13, DOI 10.3390/su13158546
TI What Causes Waterlogging?-Explore the Urban Waterlogging Control Scheme
   through System Dynamics Simulation
AU Chen WK; Dong J; Yan CH; Dong H; Liu P
TC 15
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2021
AB It is a common phenomenon in cities that waterlogging affects people's
   normal life.  It is of great significance for targeted transformation and
   upgrading to identify the risk factors of urban waterlogging.  This paper
   collected the waterlogging data of Tianjin in China, analyzed the coupling
   mechanism among waterlogging risk factors of urban drainage systems, and
   then selected the system dynamics theory and the Vensim software as the
   analysis tools due to the mixing characteristic and the limited availability
   of data.  After that, the sensitive factors were identified by model
   simulation and sensitivity analysis, and the prominent impact of urban
   expansion on waterlogging risk was discussed.  Then, through the comparison
   of the three simulation scenarios, it was found that, compared with the
   urban development focus shifting strategy, the strategies of sponge city
   reconstruction and management optimization could achieve the risk control
   goal within a shorter time.  On this basis, two kinds of governance schemes
   with strong operability were put forward, which were the data governance
   strategy and the sponge city reconstruction strategy of giving priority to
   old urban areas.  According to the simulation results, a city can reverse
   the increasing trend of waterlogging risk within ten years under the
   appropriate scheme.  Furthermore, the paper puts forward the strategic
   reimagining of the rural revitalization strategy and the ecological
   restoration strategy for the long-term sustainable development
   transformation of Tianjin.
DE waterlogging control; risk-factors coupling; urban expansion; sponge city;
   sustainable development
ID sponge city; risk; strategies; framework; impact

---

UT 332
AR Woo TH/2, 2012, ATW-INT J NUCL POWER, V57, P482
TI Complex risk analysis for loss of electric power in liquid metal nuclear
   reactor by system dynamics (SD) method
AU Woo TH/2
TC 1
SO ATW-INT J NUCL POWER
PY 2012
AB The power stabilization of the nuclear power plants (NPPs) is investigated
   in the aspect of the liquid metal coolant.  The quantification of the risk
   analysis is performed by the system dynamics (SD) method which is processed
   by the feedback and accumulation complex algorithms.  The Vensim software
   package is used for the simulations, which is supported by the Monte-Carlo
   method.  There are 2 kinds of considerations as the economic and safety
   properties.  The result shows the stability of the operations when the power
   can be decided.  This shows the higher efficiency of the reactor.  The
   failure frequency is 16/60 = 27 %. In the event of Power Stabilized, the
   failure event is in the quite lower frequency rate.  The commercial use of
   the reactor is important in the operations.

---

UT 333
AR Vargas DS, 2024, J ENG, V2024, DOI 10.1155/2024/6641542
TI Dynamic Evaluation of the Effect of Soil Analysis on Monocultures
AU Vargas DS; Torres LK; Osorio JC
TC 0
SO J ENG
PY 2024
AB Soil stands as one of the principal resources for agricultural development,
   with this activity encompassing approximately 38% of the Earth's surface.
   The resulting product is directed towards human consumption and animal feed,
   as well as energy crops, among other purposes.  Given the pivotal role of
   this activity and the escalating demand for its products within the economic
   sphere, coupled with population growth, the need arises not only for
   increased crop yield but also for addressing the per capita reduction in
   available land.  Consequently, an imperative arises to explore emerging
   alternatives for soil conservation and restoration in pursuit of this goal.
   Thus, a dynamic system model is introduced to assess the patterns of land
   use for agricultural cultivation in Colombia.  Modelling is a useful tool
   for system conceptualisation, understanding, projection of future scenarios
   and hypothesis testing about the impact of disruptions in a system's overall
   behaviour about changes in its components.  The main purpose of this article
   is to evaluate, through simulation with system dynamics, soil recovery
   scenarios from the use of residues from the same crops, specifically in the
   case of monocultures, such as sugarcane.  Similar studies have not been
   found in the literature review and, therefore, this work is novel and
   establishes a starting point to continue exploring these soil recovery
   alternatives.  The formulation of this model was accomplished through the
   utilization of the Vensim DSS software (Version 5.10a), followed by
   simulations of various land use scenarios across two distinct types of
   crops.  The outcomes of these simulations unveiled a gradual degradation of
   the soil.  To counter this trend, scenarios were evaluated, with composting
   emerging as a viable and significant alternative.  There are some scenarios
   in which land degradation is lower by more than 50% compared with those in
   which the alternative is not considered.  The composting process reduces
   costs in terms of fertilization, labour and support for environmental
   enhancement by restoring physical, chemical and biological soil properties.
   This study proposes for this model to be extended to other agricultural
   chains, thereby demonstrating its potential for guiding decisions regarding
   land use and crop activity scheduling that share similarities with the
   system under investigation.
DE agricultural sustainability; crops; environment; land-use; systems dynamics
ID river-basin; system; model

---

UT 334
AR Arshad Q, 2023, ENV ENG MANAG J, V22, P639, DOI 10.30638/eemj.2023.050
TI CONSERVING WATER: COST AND PRODUCTIVITY ANALYSIS OF RESPONSIVE DRIP AND
   CONVENTIONAL IRRIGATION
AU Arshad Q; Gabrie HF; Ahmad S; Dahri ZH; Shahid M; Ullah U; Ullah A
TC 4
SO ENV ENG MANAG J
PY 2023
AB In this study, the aim is to examine the United Nations-Sustainable
   Development Goals (UN-SDGs) and the impending climate change challenges in
   Pakistan.  The focus is on comparing different irrigation techniques in
   terms of their water savings, cost efficiency, and crop yields, in relation
   to the conventional flooding method (CFM). Specifically, the research
   considers the responsive drip irrigation system (RDI), subsurface drip
   irrigation (SDI), and raised-bed irrigation method (RSB). The data for this
   study relates to a 1-hectare tomato farm located in the Potohar plateau of
   Pakistan.  Joint interview sessions were conducted to gather integrated
   data, along with information from previous studies.  To analyze the cost-
   effectiveness of the irrigation techniques, the study utilizes system
   dynamics (SD) and employs "VENSIM PLE" software.  A single SD model was
   created to meet the requirements for cost-effectiveness analysis (CEA),
   simulating the implicated techniques over a period of 25 years.
   Additionally, an optimization scenario was developed using geometric mean
   maximization, aiming to maximize monetary benefits while maintaining
   environmental benefits in equilibrium.  The findings of this study indicate
   that the cost-effectiveness ratio (CER) for water-saving capacity is highest
   for RDI, which can save 0.135 million m3 of water over 25 years.
   Furthermore, RDI achieves a 78% higher crop yield compared to the CFM. On
   the other hand, SDI demonstrates the highest CER for crop yield, offering
   41.5% more benefits to farmers when compared to the CFM.
DE cost analysis; drip; irrigation; productivity; system dynamics; water
   conservation
ID waste reduction management; performance simulation; dynamics

---

UT 335
AR Raczynski S, 2019, METHODSX, V6, P615, DOI 10.1016/j.mex.2019.02.029
TI Dynamics of economic growth: Uncertainty treatment using differential
   inclusions
AU Raczynski S
TC 6
SO METHODSX
PY 2019
AB The article is focused on applications of the differential inclusions to the
   models of economic growth, rather than the model building.  The models are
   taken from the known literature, and some modifications are introduced to
   reflect an additional inertia.  The aim is to treat the uncertainty in the
   model parameters by using differential inclusions instead of the stochastic
   approach.  The reachable sets for the models are shown, to assess the
   possible ranges of the outcome with given parameters uncertainty.  The
   approach may be interpreted as a generalization to the system dynamics
   methodology, providing attainable sets instead of single model trajectory
   and simple sensitivity analysis.  A comparison with Powersim risk analysis
   is provided.  The models of Solow and Swan, Mankiw, Bhattacharya, Romer and
   Weil are used.  A brief review of the models is given, and several examples
   of simple simulations, differential inclusion applications and optimization
   are presented.  (C) 2019 The Author.  Published by Elsevier B.V.
DE economic model; system dynamics; risk analysis; economic-growth; simulation;
   differential inclusions; uncertainty
ID model

---

UT 336
AR Wu ZH, 2022, IEEE ACCESS, V10, P86470, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3198938
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Simulation of Human Capital Fractal Dimension
   of the R&D Team
AU Wu ZH; Wang J/1; Feng XW; Pang WH; Hou JR
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2022
AB In the era of the knowledge economy, innovation and R&D has been paid more
   and more attention by people.  The importance of the R&D team in improving
   the innovation performance of an enterprise is self-evident.  Furthermore,
   due to the unique human capital characteristics of the R&D team members,
   fractal research on the human capital of the R&D team is very necessary.  On
   this basis, this paper builds the human capital fractal model of the R&D
   team, uses the Vensim PLE simulation analysis environment for simulation
   analysis, and draws the research conclusions: the R&D team's desire to
   improve human capital, the R&D team's desire to integrate knowledge, and the
   R&D team's human capital increase.The increase in the amount of R&D team
   will positively affect the human capital of the R&D team, however, the
   change of the decrease in the amount of the human capital of the R&D team
   will negatively affect the human capital of the R&D team.
DE research and development; analytical models; investment; simulation;
   personnel; fractals; qualifications; human factors; knowledge engineering; r
   and d team; human capital; system dynamics; simulation modeling

---

UT 337
AR Zheng Y, 2018, MATH PROBL ENG, V2018, DOI 10.1155/2018/2796146
TI The Formation Mechanism and Precision Control of Corruption in Poverty
   Alleviation from the Perspective of System Dynamics
AU Zheng Y; Liao XM
TC 2
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2018
AB The corruption in the field of poverty alleviation not only hinders the
   performance of the government but also damages the vital interests of the
   poor, harms the image of the party and the country, and makes the poor
   people further impoverished.  Based on the method of system dynamics, this
   paper analyzes the interaction of elements which influence village
   officials' corruption, studies the formation mechanism of the corruption in
   poverty alleviation, and constructs an effective model to prevent the
   corruption.  Based on the survey data of typical cases, the model was
   simulated and validated by the software of Vensim PLE. The study found that
   compared with other variables, the willingness of village officials to
   corrupt has the greatest impact on the amount of their corruption.
   Furthermore, it is found that the important factors that affect village
   officials' corruption willingness are as in the following order: official
   culture, village officials' thought, and prevention system.
ID impact; press

---

UT 338
AR Mahdavi T, 2019, GROUNDW SUSTAIN DEV, V9, DOI 10.1016/j.gsd.2019.100261
TI Applying the System of Environmental and Economic Accounts for Water (SEEA-
   Water) for integrated assessment of water security in an aquifer scale -
   Case study: Azarshahr aquifer, Iran
AU Mahdavi T; Bagheri A; Hosseini SA
TC 18
SO GROUNDW SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2019
AB As an important stage in integrated water resources management, integrated
   assessment adopts a set of indicators to address not only the physical water
   balance, but also the role of water in social welfare, economic production,
   and employment.  The indicators should be located in an analytical framework
   capable of figuring out the inter-relationships among different
   environmental, social, and economic disciplines.  Adopting the System of
   Environmental and Economic Accounts for Water (developed by the United
   Nations), this paper aims to provide an integrated assessment in the
   groundwater resource in the Azarshahr aquifer area in the Northwestern Iran,
   comparing local water security indicators in 2006 and 2016. The results show
   that the local water resource in the study area is highly stressed in terms
   of quantity and quality.  In addition, the area suffers severely from
   unsustainability and dis-equilibrium between water resource and consumption.
   Using a system dynamics model developed in VENSIM PLE, the paper analyzed
   five different policy options, which could have been devised to improve the
   water security in the area.  The policy option 1 (stepwise reduction in the
   irrigated agricultural area from 2006 to 2010 followed by a constant 2%
   decline from 2010 to 2016) was found more effective in controlling the water
   salinity.  Since it is highly inelastic in terms of regional economic
   revenue, it could be a cost-effective policy to prevent salinization of
   water with low impacts on the regional revenue.  The methodology can be
   applied for building water accounting systems in similar areas for the
   purpose of integrated water resources assessment and planning.
DE water accounting; system dynamics modeling; policy analysis; lake urmia
ID framework; resources

---

UT 339
AR Guizzi G, 2019, COMPUT IND ENG, V137, DOI 10.1016/j.cie.2019.106052
TI An integrated and parametric simulation model to improve production and
   maintenance processes: Towards a digital factory performance
AU Guizzi G; Falcone D; De Felice F
TC 21
SO COMPUT IND ENG
PY 2019
AB In recent years with the emergence of the concept of Industry 4.0
   digitalization is transforming the industrial scenario.  A great attention
   is focused on integrated simulation system, an emerging enabling technology,
   as a particular decision support tool, to represent the increasingly complex
   modern production systems.  The advantage is that it is possible to perform
   simulations and reconfigure models to evaluate modified or alternative
   scenarios to achieve current demands of increasingly competitive markets.
   The aim of the present research is the definition of an integrated
   parametric simulation model for integration management enhancing the
   production and maintenance process.  Thus, a framework for implementing
   simulation models that help production and maintenance managers to make
   cost-effective decisions as well as optimize the use of resources is
   developed.  System Dynamics approach is used to simulate, through PowerSim
   Software (R), the nonlinear behavior of the analyzed complex systems over
   time.  The results revealed that the proposed simulation optimization
   procedure can be used to solve and to manage complexity in a "real-time".
   Furthermore, the output of this simulation optimization procedure gives the
   decision maker the most probable scenario.
DE data-driven approach; simulation model; system dynamics; complex systems;
   digital factory
ID driven; generation; management; systems; complex

---

UT 340
AR Zhao XG, 2019, J CLEAN PROD, V230, P241, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2019.04.408
TI Research on optimal benchmark price of tradable green certificate based on
   system dynamics: A China perspective
AU Zhao XG; Zhou Y; Zuo Y; Meng J; Zhang YZ
TC 66
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2019
AB Renewable portfolio standard (RPS) is a compulsory institutional change to
   achieve low-carbon energy transformation in China.  Its success depends on
   the scientific system quasi-parameter design, the most important system
   quasi-parameter is the benchmark price of the tradable green certificate
   (TGC). Setting the benchmark price of TGC scientifically and reasonably in
   line with China's national conditions is conducive to the effective
   implementation of RPS in China.  Based on the system dynamics (SD) to
   construct China's green certificate trading market model, this paper
   analyzes the interaction between the TGC market and the electricity market
   under the RPS, and uses Vensim simulation to simulate the optimal TGC
   benchmark price based on the maximization of social welfare.  The results
   show that the TGC market and the electricity market are mutually
   influential.  As the benchmark price of TGC increases, the total power
   generation increases and the on-grid price decreases.  Consumer surplus,
   producer surplus and social welfare all reach the maximum when the TGC
   benchmark price is 0.4yuan/KWh, so determines 0.4yuan/kWh as the optimal
   benchmark price of TGC. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE renewable portfolio standard; tradable green certificate; benchmark price;
   social welfare; china
ID feed-in tariff; residential electricity consumption; renewable portfolio
   standard; energy efficiency; power-generation; market; industry

---

UT 341
AR Jamal FN, 2021, J ASIAN FINANC ECON BUS, V8, P427, DOI
   10.13106/jafeb.2021.vol8.no2.0427
TI Evaluating Information Credibility Toward Green Marketing in Indonesia
AU Jamal FN; Othman NA; Saleh RC; Nurhana YAH; Rohmah W
TC 5
SO J ASIAN FINANC ECON BUS
PY 2021
AB This study aims to identify variables, which have relationship to the
   information credibility toward brand trust.  Other than that, this study
   also proposes a system dynamics approach method, where the time to achieve
   different credible information can be modeled efficiently and by using
   variable-oriented simulation methods.  Data, which are used for testing, are
   derived from 400 questionnaires.  Data for SEM are collected by using
   questionnaire and are processed using AMOS software to identify the result
   whether it is proper to determine the proper variables and the indicators,
   which will be processed in the simulation using Powersim.  The result shows
   that, from six variables proposed, five are significant variables that
   support the information credibility.  The value of information credibility
   has fluctuated in 10 years.  The important aspect in business activity is a
   business strategy that incorporates marketing activities.  Many companies
   are adopting green marketing practice to achieve a better business
   performance, so that information credibility factor is needed.  Over the
   past few years, numerous industries in Indonesia have increased awareness
   toward green movement.  Some companies apply the whole process of creating
   green products, while others only do so partially, but this is a good
   approach to green business development in Indonesia nonetheless.
DE green marketing; property industry; information credibility; structural
   equation modeling; system dynamics
ID purchase; trust; image

---

UT 342
AR Zhou SX, 2021, SUSTAIN, V13, DOI 10.3390/su13020642
TI Effect of Green Construction on a Building's Carbon Emission and Its Price
   at Materialization
AU Zhou SX; Guo ZZ; Ding Y; Dong JL; Le JM; Fu J
TC 12
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2021
AB Buildings consume many resources and generate greenhouse gases during
   construction.  One of the main sources of greenhouse gases is carbon
   emission associated with buildings.  This research is based on the computing
   rule of carbon emission at the materialization stage.  By taking the
   features of green construction into consideration, quantitative analysis on
   construction carbon emission was undertaken via Life Cycle Assessment (LCA).
   Making use of Vensim (a system dynamics software package), we analyzed the
   amount of carbon emission at the materialization stage and determined the
   major subsystems affecting the carbon emission, then took into comprehensive
   consideration the differences of each subsystem's carbon emission under
   different construction technologies.  Under the mechanism of carbon trade at
   the materialization stage, the total price of carbon trades remains
   unchanged, while the trading price of each subsystem is adjusted.  Under
   these conditions, a coefficient for step-wise increases in carbon price was
   proposed.  By establishing such a system of gradient prices, construction
   companies are encouraged to adopt high-efficiency emission reduction
   technologies.  Meanwhile, the system also provides a reference for the
   formulation of price-based policies about buildings' carbon trading, and
   accelerates the process of energy conservation and emission reduction in
   China and the world at large.
DE green construction; life-cycle assessment ( lca ); system dynamics; carbon
   trading prices

---

UT 343
AR Guo Q, 2024, J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY, V16, DOI 10.1063/5.0202427
TI Influence of the development of solar photovoltaic industry on the
   relationship between supply and demand of key minerals in China
AU Guo Q; Wu KY
TC 5
SO J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY
PY 2024
AB The importance of mineral resources cannot be ignored in the country's
   economic and social development and is of vital significance in securing
   China's continued economic and social prosperity.  Against the backdrop of
   the country's active promotion of the clean energy industry, the booming
   development of the photovoltaic industry has triggered a growing demand for
   its key raw materials, especially important metallic minerals.  Based on the
   system dynamics theory, the article uses Vensim to construct a photovoltaic
   cell-key metal mineral simulation model to analyze the development of
   China's photovoltaic industry in depth and focuses on its far-reaching
   impact on the supply and demand relationship of key minerals.  The results
   of the study show that (1) China's photovoltaic cells show strong growth;
   (2) recycling and technology substitution can significantly reduce the risk
   of copper and aluminum supply and demand imbalance; and (3) technology
   substitution is more effective than recycling in reducing the supply and
   demand imbalance of copper and aluminum.  Based on the above-mentioned
   findings, the article puts forward corresponding policy recommendations.
ID system dynamics; power development; cells; sustainability; recovery;
   modules; energy

---

UT 344
AR Chan SL, 2010, EXPERT SYST APPL, V37, P1207, DOI 10.1016/j.eswa.2009.06.030
TI A model for predicting customer value from perspectives of product
   attractiveness and marketing strategy
AU Chan SL; Ip WH; Cho V
TC 30
SO EXPERT SYST APPL
PY 2010
AB This paper proposes a model for customer relationship management (CRM) using
   iThink (R), which incorporates the concept of system dynamics.  The proposed
   CRM model consists of module 1: a customer purchasing behavior model.
   module 2 a Markov chain model, and module 3. a financial returns model.  By
   considering the marketing activities and product attractiveness to the
   customer, the probability that a customer will (re)purchase can be modeled
   in module 1. The probabilities are then fitted into module 2 for the
   calculation of customer lifetime value (CLV) The estimated CLV for each
   customer IS Inputted into module 3 to predict the firm's return oil
   investment in the long term.  By defining the parameters oil the
   attractiveness of a product and Oil User responses from historical marketing
   campaigns, a firm call easily evaluate its business strategy from both
   marketing and product development perspectives, thereby refining those
   parameters and adopting the best strategy for creating customer value and
   yielding the maximum profit A case study of a listed firm in Hong Kong is
   employed to illustrate our model, which not only gives insights into the
   product development, but can also support the decisions related to marketing
   activities.  (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved
DE system dynamics; markov chain model; customer lifetime value; customer
   relationship management
ID lifetime value; satisfaction; retention; framework; programs; dynamics;
   loyalty; time

---

UT 345
AR Azadi S, 2022, ENVIRON SCI POLLUT R, V29, P64547, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-022-20335-6
TI Optimizing cropping pattern to improve the performance of irrigation network
   using system dynamics-Powell algorithm
AU Azadi S; Nozari H; Ghanbarian B; Marofi S
TC 8
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB One of the strategies for agricultural development is the optimal use of
   irrigation and drainage networks, which leads to higher productivity and
   economic benefits.  In this regard, quantitative and qualitative studies of
   drainage water from networks are essential for efficient water management.
   In the present study, we develop a model using a system dynamics approach to
   simulate the cropping pattern of an irrigation and drainage network as well
   as the discharge and salinity of drainage water from network farms.  We
   apply the Powell algorithm to optimize the economic profitability of
   cultivated crops by considering the salinity and discharge of drainage water
   from the fields.  With three aims, i.e., (1) maximizing benefit-cost ratio,
   (2) minimizing drainage water salinity and discharge of network, and (3)
   economic and environmental considerations simultaneously, the optimization
   of cropping pattern within the Kosar irrigation and drainage network is
   performed.  Results based on five consecutive years under different
   scenarios showed that some crops, such as watermelon, are not economically
   recommened for production due to high costs, water consumption, and low
   selling price causes environmental pollution.  On the other hand, wheat,
   grain maize, silage maize, sorghum, and alfalfa have different conditions,
   and their production is suitable by considering all scenarios.  By comparing
   with experimental data, we find that the proposed model is accurate to
   simulate and optimize the irrigation network and to detect its cropping
   pattern.
DE crop yield; cropping pattern; economic profitability; irrigation network;
   modeling; vensim software
ID optimization

---

UT 346
AR Zhang MW, 2024, J CLEAN PROD, V449, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.141717
TI A mechanism for upgrading the global value chain of China's wood industries
   based on sustainable green growth
AU Zhang MW; Song GJ; Ma N
TC 16
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2024
AB With climate change and increasingly fierce international trade competition,
   upgrading the global value chains (GVCs) under the sustainable development
   mode is becoming a key transformation for China ' s wood industry.  This
   study applies system dynamics theory to build a model of upgrading and
   evolution of the GVC of the wood industry based on sustainable green growth
   and uses Vensim PLE software for system simulation.  The results demonstrate
   that (1) under the framework of sustainable green growth, the optimization
   of industry structure and security of resource supply play an important role
   in promoting the position of the GVC. (2) improving technological innovation
   capacity, plantation forest stock, carbon emission reduction intensity, and
   wage growth is essential to upgrade the wood industry ' s position in the
   GVC. (3) different policy implementations have different impacts on the
   coupled and coordinated development of the system, and implementing
   innovationdriven policies is the optimal realization path to promote the
   synergistic upgrading of the GVC. The findings enrich the holistic and
   systematic study of the evolution of GVC upgrading in traditional
   manufacturing industries and provide a fresh perspective for assisting the
   wood industry in realizing GVC upgrading under a sustainable green growth
   model.
DE green growth; sustainability; global value chains; system dynamics; wood
   industry; mechanism construction
ID technology

---

UT 347
AR Tobias MI, 2010, J PUBLIC HEAL, V100, P1274, DOI 10.2105/AJPH.2009.171165
TI Application of a System Dynamics Model to Inform Investment in Smoking
   Cessation Services in New Zealand
AU Tobias MI; Cavana RY; Bloomfield A
TC 51
SO J PUBLIC HEAL
PY 2010
AB Objectives.  We estimated the long-term effects of smoking cessation
   interventions to inform government decision-making regarding investment in
   tobacco control.  Methods.  We extracted data from the 2006 New Zealand
   Tobacco Use Survey and other sources and developed a system dynamics model
   with the iThink computer simulation package.  The model derived estimates of
   population cessation rates from smoking behaviors and applied these over a
   50-year period, from 2001 to 2051, under business-as-usual and enhanced
   cessation intervention scenarios.  Results.  The model predicted larger
   effects by 2051 with the enhanced cessation than with the business-as-usual
   scenario, including: an 11% greater decline in adult current smoking
   prevalence (9 versus 10 per 100 people), 16% greater decline in per capita
   tobacco consumption (370 versus 440 cigarette equivalents per year), and 11%
   greater reduction in tobacco-attributable mortality (3000 versus 3300 deaths
   per year). Conclusions.  The model generated reliable estimates of the
   effects on health and on tobacco use of interventions designed to enhance
   smoking cessation.  These results informed a decision announced in May 2007
   to increase funding for smoking cessation by NZ$42 million over 4 years.
   (Am J Public Health.  2010; 100:1274-1281. doi:10.2105/AJPH.2009.171165)
ID tobacco control; public-health; simulation; policy; prevalence; cigarettes;
   california; reduction

---

UT 348
AR Marznaki YS, 2024, TECHNOL ANAL STRATEG MANAG, V36, P501, DOI
   10.1080/09537325.2022.2037544
TI A system dynamics approach for investigating technology transfer capacities
   in Iranian polymer pipe and fittings industry
AU Marznaki YS; Khamseh A; Shakib MH
TC 1
SO TECHNOL ANAL STRATEG MANAG
PY 2024
AB The prosperity of the technology transfer process in downstream
   petrochemical industries is one of the objectives pursued by the policy-
   makers and planners of these industries.  The present study delved into the
   dynamism of the variables impacting technology transfer capacities by
   following a system dynamics approach, examining similar studies, and
   interviewing experts in the downstream petrochemical industries in the
   polymer pipe and fittings domain.  Then, causal loop diagrams were
   delineated and the causal relationships among variables were examined, and
   the VENSIM software were used for analyzing the causal loops.  Loop analysis
   implies that the experiences rooted in the recurrence of the technology
   transfer process under the auspices of international relationships are the
   main schema of technology transfer and highly influences the principal
   systems of the technology transfer process.  These systems include: (1)
   abilities to observe, identify, and prioritise technologies, (2) abilities
   to select, negotiate, conclude contracts, and acquire technologies, (3)
   abilities to adapt, attract, analyze, and exploit technologies, (4)
   abilities to develop, innovate, and promote technologies, and (5) abilities
   to diffuse, preserve, and commercialise technologies.  Likewise, the
   sanctions have severely limited international relationships, declined
   foreign associate firms' monitoring and identification rate, and hampered
   access to the free stream of technology.
DE technology; polymer pipe and fittings industry; dynamisms of technology
   transfer capacities; causal loops
ID foreign

---

UT 349
AR Wang XB, 2017, SUSTAIN, V9, DOI 10.3390/su9061003
TI China's Rare Earths Production Forecasting and Sustainable Development
   Policy Implications
AU Wang XB; Yao MT; Li JS; Zhang KX; Zhu H; Zheng MS
TC 39
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2017
AB Because of their unique physical and chemical properties, Rare earth
   elements (REEs) perform important functions in our everyday lives, with use
   in a range of products.  Recently, the study of China's rare earth elements
   production has become a hot topic of worldwide interest, because of its
   dominant position in global rare earth elements supply, and an increasing
   demand for rare earth elements due to the constant use of rare earth
   elements in high-tech manufacturing industries.  At the same time, as an
   exhaustible resource, the sustainable development of rare earth elements has
   received extensive attention.  However, most of the study results are based
   on a qualitative analysis of rare earth elements distribution and production
   capacity, with few studies using quantitative modeling.  To achieve reliable
   results with more factors being taken into consideration, this paper applies
   the generic multivariant system dynamics model to forecast China's rare
   earth elements production trend and Hubbert peak, using Vensim software
   based on the Hubbert model.  The results show that the peak of China's rare
   earth elements production will appear by 2040, and that production will
   slowly decline afterwards.  Based on the results, the paper proposes some
   policy recommendations for the sustainable development of China's-and the
   world's-rare earth elements market and rare earth-related industries.
DE rare earths; sustainable development; production forecast; system dynamics
   model; policy recommendations
ID coal production; model; elements; trends; us

---

UT 350
AR Wang HG, 2023, SUSTAIN, V15, DOI 10.3390/su151914190
TI The Mechanism and Countermeasures of the Impact of State Subsidy Backslide
   on the Efficiency of Waste-to-Energy Enterprises-A Case Study in China
AU Wang HG; Rao H
TC 0
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB The scientific investment decision model of waste incineration power
   generation is helpful in providing a scientific basis for the government and
   environmental protection enterprises to formulate reasonable waste prices.
   The waste incineration power generation project revenue and cost composition
   framework, based on the project net present value of factors affecting
   causality analysis, the construction of a waste incineration power
   generation PPP project net present value system dynamics model, and the use
   of Vensim PLE software, version 7.3.5, combined with the garbage power
   generation of listed companies, was built, and we put into use the
   enterprise's financial data and the author's research of the case of the BOT
   (Build-Operate-Transfer) project data to examine the validity of the model
   test, simulation, and sensitivity analysis.  The results show that the
   regression of a national subsidy does not necessarily lead to a price
   adjustment of the waste disposal fee, and when a change in tariff subsidy
   occurs, the loss brought by the reduction in a feed-in tariff can be
   compensated by increasing the income from carbon sinks, decreasing the
   intensity of investment through technological advancement, improving the
   coefficient of waste power generation through garbage classification, and
   increasing the utilization of production capacity through the treatment of
   multiple wastes in a single or a combination of ways.
DE electricity tariff rebate; waste disposal fees; carbon emission reduction;
   system dynamics

---

UT 351
AR Shahbahrami E, 2024, BMC HEAL SERV RES, V24, DOI 10.1186/s12913-024-11692-8
TI A dynamic management model for sustainable drug supply chain in hospital
   pharmacies in Iran
AU Shahbahrami E; Kalhor R; Amerzadeh M; Hasani M; Kiani M
TC 1
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2024
AB BackgroundSustainable supply chain management encompasses the strategic
   coordination and control of material, information, and financial flows, as
   well as the collaborative efforts among the entities engaged in the
   medicinal supply chain.  This research proposes a dynamic and sustainable
   supply chain management model tailored explicitly for the inpatient
   pharmacies of Medical Centers and Hospitals affiliated with Iran University
   of Medical Sciences.MethodsThis is a quantitative study in terms of research
   objective and a qualitative study based on the stages in the conceptual
   development of the model.  Therefore, the current study can be considered a
   mixed-methods approach.  After identifying the key factors influencing the
   sustainability of the medicine supply chain, we conducted a dynamic analysis
   of the problem using system dynamics methodology.  In order to simulate the
   system's behavior over 24 months, we utilized a combination of existing
   documentary information and expert opinions.  The developed model was
   implemented using Vensim PLE software, allowing us to simulate and analyze
   the impact of various policies on the system.ResultsMedicine disposal
   exhibited an upward trend, particularly during the second 12-month period.
   Conversely, the trend of medicine expirations remained relatively stable in
   the initial months but showed an upward trajectory after that.  The cost
   associated with disposed medicine experienced a consistent increase, with a
   higher rate observed during the second 12-month period.  In contrast, sales
   of low-consumable medicine experienced a significant initial surge followed
   by a slower growth rate.  Finally, the pharmacy's profit demonstrated an
   overall increasing trend, although the rate of increase was higher during
   the first 12 months.ConclusionAmong the various scenarios considered, namely
   "increasing the adequacy of human resources," "increasing the speed of
   response," and "utilizing pharmacists in the drug prescribing team," it was
   found that these interventions had a substantial effect on both enhancing
   the pharmacy's profit and reducing medication waste.  Therefore, these
   scenarios were identified as having the most significant impact.  The
   proposed model can serve as a valuable tool for forecasting and informing
   policy-making, providing insights into addressing the challenges associated
   with the sustainable drug supply chain in hospital pharmacies.
DE medicine; pharmacy; system dynamics; sustainability; supply chain management

---

UT 352
AR Zhang WN, 2021, IND MANAGE DATA SYST, V121, P2738, DOI
   10.1108/IMDS-12-2020-0735
TI A cost evaluation model for IoT-enabled prefabricated construction supply
   chain management
AU Zhang WN; Kang K; Zhong RA
TC 33
SO IND MANAG DATA SYST
PY 2021
AB Purpose This paper proposes an evaluation model for prefabricated
   construction to guide a supply chain with controllable costs.  Prefabricated
   construction is prevalent due to area limitations.  Nevertheless, the
   development is limited by budget control and identifying the factors
   affecting cost.  The degree of close collaboration in the supply chain is
   closely interconnected with cost performance that includes direct and
   indirect factors.  This paper not only quantizes these factors but also
   distinguishes the degree of influence of various factors.
   Design/methodology/approach System dynamics is applied to simulate and
   analyze the construction cost factors through Vensim software.  It can also
   clarify the relationship between cost and other influencing factors.  The
   input data are collected from an Internet of Things (IoT)-enabled system
   under a Building Information Modeling (BIM) system and Hong Kong government
   reports.  Findings Simulation results indicate that prefabricated
   construction cost is mainly influenced by government promotion degree (GPD),
   working pressure from on-site construction (WPOSC), prefab quality (PQ),
   load-bearing capacity per vehicle (LBPV) and mold quality (MQ). However, it
   is more sensitive toward GPD, which indicates that the government should
   take measures to promote this construction technology.  On-site worker
   management is also essential for the assembly process and indirectly
   influences the construction cost.  Research limitations/implications This
   paper quantifies indirect influential factors to clarify the specific
   features for prefabricated construction.  The investigated factors are
   limited.  Practical implications The contractor can identify all factors and
   classify the levels of influence to make decisions under the supply chain
   system boundary.  Social implications The input data are collected from an
   IoT-enabled system under a BIM system and Hong Kong government reports.
   Thus, the relationship between construction cost influential factors can be
   investigated.  Originality/value This paper quantifies indirect influencing
   factors and clarifies the specific features in prefabricated construction.
   The contractor could identify these factors to make decisions and classify
   the levels of influence under the supply chain system boundary.
DE cost evaluation; prefabricated construction; supply chain management
ID system dynamics model; internet; platform; bim

---

UT 353
AR Ning JJ, 2024, ENERGY, V288, DOI 10.1016/j.energy.2023.129758
TI Analysis of the dynamic evolution process of the digital transformation of
   renewable energy enterprises based on the cooperative and evolutionary game
   model
AU Ning JJ; Xiong LX
TC 65
SO ENERGY
PY 2024
AB Based on the cooperative-evolutionary game model, this paper studies the
   dynamic evolution process of the digital transformation strategy selection
   of renewable energy power plants and renewable energy selling enterprises
   under government supervision.  Renewable energy power plants, renewable
   energy selling enterprises, and the government are taken as the game
   players.  The Shapley value based on the cooperation game distributes the
   cooperation benefits brought about by the digital transformation of
   enterprises and analyses the dynamic evolution process of the strategy of
   the three-party game players based on evolutionary game theory.  Then, based
   on the system dynamics model, Anylogic and Vensim software are used to
   simulate the cooperative evolutionary game model, and a sensitivity analysis
   of the key factors affecting the system stability is carried out.  The
   results show that the "digital transformation" of renewable-energy power
   plants and renewable-energy selling enterprises will bring about cooperation
   benefits and promote their joint promotion of digital transformation.
   Government incentives can accelerate the digital transformation of renewable
   energy companies.  The increase in economic, environmental, and social
   benefits brought about by the digital transformation of renewable energy
   enterprises promotes the speed of the digital transformation of renewable
   energy power plants and renewable energy selling enterprises.
DE renewable energy enterprises; digital transformation; cooperative game;
   evolutionary game; system dynamics model

---

UT 354
AR Zhang YX, 2026, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V33, P98, DOI
   10.1108/ECAM-10-2023-1073
TI Formation and dynamics of prefabricated building innovation network
AU Zhang YX; Xu LJ; Xue XL; Wang ZY; Skibniewski M
TC 2
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2026
AB Purpose - With the uptake of prefabricated construction (PC) facing serious
   obstacles in China, networked innovation can break the technical constraints
   while also containing the risks in individual innovation.  However, the
   construction community has paid little attention to PC innovation,
   especially networked innovation.  This study aims to gain deep insights into
   what impacts the formation and dynamics of a prefabricated construction
   innovation network (PCIN). With the uptake of PC facing serious obstacles in
   China, networked innovation can break the technical constraints while also
   containing the risks in individual innovation.  Design/methodology/approach
   - The research design follows a sequential mixed methodology of qualitative
   and quantitative data collection and analysis.  It first conceptualizes the
   PCIN based on the quadruple helix model and formulates a corresponding
   system dynamics model based on causality analysis.  After validating the
   PCIN model using empirical data, simulations are carried out using Vensim
   PLE software.  Finally, this study identifies key factors that promote the
   formation of PCIN in China through sensitivity analysis.  Findings - The
   results show that PC predicts a continuous increase in practice as of 2030.
   The tested drivers all positively influence the formation of the PCIN, with
   market demand and risk sharing having the greatest influence, followed by
   competitive pressure, profit government support, scientific and
   technological advancement and collaborative innovation strategy.
   Originality/value - The study makes three major contributions.  First, it
   provides a novel angle for a deeper understanding of the PC innovation.
   Second, it proposes a new approach for probing the formation and dynamics of
   the PCIN. Finally, it offers a theoretical reference for promoting the
   formation of innovation networks and the development of PC.
DE prefabricated building; innovation network; network formation; network
   dynamics; system dynamics
ID construction; cost; performance; industry; knowledge; criteria; support;
   systems; china; helix

---

UT 355
AR Zhang H, 2022, SUSTAIN, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14127107
TI Dynamic Simulation Research on the Effect of Governance Mechanism on Value
   Co-Creation of Blockchain Industry Ecosystem
AU Zhang H; Xiong HH; Xu JX
TC 1
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB The development of blockchain technology promotes the evolution of the
   industrial ecosystem, and the value co-creation in the ecosystem has become
   an important factor for the sustainable and coordinated development of the
   blockchain industry ecosystem.  By answering the question of how governance
   mechanisms affect the value co-creation of the blockchain industry
   ecosystem, this paper aims to clarify the realization mechanism of value co-
   creation of the blockchain industry ecosystem.  Based on the transaction
   cost theory and social exchange theory, the governance mechanisms of the
   blockchain industry ecosystem are divided into contract governance and trust
   governance.  The system dynamics method is used to analyze the causality of
   the effect of governance mechanisms on value co-creation of the blockchain
   industry ecosystem, the model of system flow chart is established, and
   Vensim PLE software is used to perform simulation and sensitivity analyses
   of the model.  The results show that: both contract governance and trust
   governance can positively affect the value co-creation of the blockchain
   industry ecosystem; due to the existence of bounded rationality, compared
   with contract governance, trust governance has a more significant impact on
   system resource innovation and value co-creation; there is a co-existence
   effect among contract governance and trust governance, and compared with the
   single effect, the co-existence effect of two can promote the value co-
   creation process of the blockchain industry ecosystem more actively.  The
   research results reveal the internal laws of the value co-creation and
   provide valuable insights into the exploitation of governance mechanisms to
   facilitate effectively the value creation of the blockchain industry
   ecosystem.
DE blockchain; industry ecosystem; governance mechanism; value co-creation;
   system dynamics
ID performance; innovation; contracts; conflict; network

---

UT 356
AR Gao J, 2023, J INNOV KNOWL, V8, DOI 10.1016/j.jik.2023.100394
TI Unlocking paths for transforming green technological innovation in
   manufacturing industries
AU Gao J; Feng QH; Guan T; Zhang WF
TC 38
SO J INNOV KNOWL
PY 2023
AB The double externalities of green technological innovation and disadvantages
   of the traditional extensive development of manufacturing industries hinder
   the transformation of green technological innovation in manufacturing
   industries.  Traditional research based on behavioral logic rarely focused
   on the subjective will of innovation subjects or the impact of environmental
   regulation.  To unlock the development dilemma of manufacturing industries
   from the coupling perspective of dual logic of behavior and concept, the
   concept of function is introduced into this analysis along with the
   influence of behavioral logic.  This helped to construct the model of system
   dynamics wherein green technology innovation in manufacturing is analyzed
   under the influence of environmental regulation.  The subsystems of
   willingness, behavior, and benefits of green technological innovation were
   divided by a systematic analysis of the double impact factors inside and
   outside manufacturing.  Based on the index data from 2011 to 2019, Vensim
   software was used for simulation.  Unlocking paths for transforming green
   technological innovation in the manufacturing industry were designed.  The
   conclusions show that environmental regulation positively improves the
   economic, social, and environmental performance of manufacturing industries.
   Additionally, manufacturing can unlock the dilemma by reducing the intensity
   of command-and-control, improving the intensity of market-based incentives,
   and actively stimulating public participation in environmental regulation.
   & COPY; 2023 The Authors.  Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. on behalf of
   Journal of Innovation & Knowledge.  This is an open access article under the
   CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)
DE green technological innovation; environmental regulation; manufacturing
   industries; simulation of system dynamics
ID environmental regulation; product innovation; financial performance; porter
   hypothesis; eco-innovation; impact; regulations; behavior; drivers; energy

---

UT 357
AR Yu SK, 2021, WATER ENV J, V35, P322, DOI 10.1111/wej.12629
TI Investment decision model of wastewater treatment public-private partnership
   projects based on value for money
AU Yu SK; Dai T; Yu Y; Zhang JY
TC 7
SO WATER ENV J
PY 2021
AB Most existing studies analyse the early decision-making processes of public-
   private partnership (PPP) projects from the perspective of the government or
   investors, as such decisions involve lengthy negotiations and are likely to
   lead to unfair results.  Hence, there is a need for fair and reasonable
   investment decision-making methods.  This study investigates the investment
   return system of PPP wastewater treatment projects.  The net present value
   of investment income is considered the investment decision indicator of
   social capital, while value for money (VFM) is the indicator of government
   decision-making.  Considering both yield and VFM, the system dynamics method
   and Vensim software are used to establish the investment decision model.  A
   case study validates the proposed model and predicts a reasonable range of
   unit prices and concession periods for wastewater treatment through
   government-enterprise cooperation, to improve the transparency and initial
   decision fairness of PPP sewage treatment projects.
DE investment decision; public-private partnership ( ppp ); system dynamics (
   sd ); value for money ( vfm ); wastewater treatment

---

UT 358
AR Lee H, 2015, J KOREAN ACAD NURS, V45, P723, DOI 10.4040/jkan.2015.45.5.723
TI Non-linear System Dynamics Simulation Modeling of Adolescent Obesity: Using
   Korea Youth Risk Behavior Web-based Survey
AU Lee H; Park ES; Yu JK; Yun EK
TC 3
SO J KOREAN ACAD NURS
PY 2015
AB Purpose: The purpose of this study was to develop a system dynamics model
   for adolescent obesity in Korea that could be used for obesity policy
   analysis.  Methods: On the basis of the casual loop diagram, a model was
   developed by converting to stock and flow diagram.  The Vensim DSS 5.0
   program was used in the model development.  We simulated method of moments
   to the calibration of this model with data from The Korea Youth Risk
   Behavior Web-based Survey 2005 to 2013. We ran the scenario simulation.
   Results: This model can be used to understand the current adolescent obesity
   rate, predict the future obesity rate, and be utilized as a tool for
   controlling the risk factors.  The results of the model simulation match
   well with the data.  It was identified that a proper model, able to predict
   obesity probability, was established.  Conclusion: These results of stock
   and flow diagram modeling in adolescent obesity can be helpful in
   development of obesity by policy planners and other stakeholders to better
   anticipate the multiple effects of interventions in both the short and the
   long term.  In the future we suggest the development of an expanded model
   based on this adolescent obesity model.
DE adolescent; obesity; nonlinear dynamics
ID health

---

UT 359
AR Gastélum JR, 2009, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V23, P1519, DOI
   10.1007/s11269-008-9339-4
TI A Decision Support System to Improve Water Resources Management in the
   Conchos Basin
AU Gastélum JR; Valdés JB; Stewart S
TC 44
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2009
AB The Conchos basin is the largest tributary to the lower part of the Rio
   Grande/Rio Bravo basin.  During recent years a severe drought has affected
   M,xico's ability to deliver water from the Conchos basin as required by the
   1944 Treaty.  In addition, it has generated not only economic problems in
   the USA and M,xico but also political frictions between these two countries.
   The Mexican Conchos river has historically contributed with the highest
   amount of water to USA as established on the water treaty.  A Decision
   Support System (DSS) was developed for the Conchos basin in order to gain a
   better understanding of the water resources management process in the basin,
   and to identify the alternatives to improve the cited process.  The DSS is a
   semi-distributed model, based on System Dynamics, and developed using
   Powersim software.  The DSS has been used to evaluate 25 long and short tem
   water resources allocation alternatives for the two main basin's users:
   Irrigation Districts and Water Treaty.  Some of the most important factors
   being tested on the 25 water management alternatives include National
   Commission of Water's yearly water allocation policy, reservoir operation
   rules, improvement on water distribution efficiencies, etc.  The DSS model
   shows that the historic water resources allocation implemented by the
   Federal government produces adequate results as compared with the other
   tested water management alternatives.  However, for short term drought
   scenarios, it is showed that there could be other management alternatives
   that could perform better than the current water management allocation.  In
   general, the DSS shows what we already expect of dynamic models of systems
   to provide that understanding the effects of multiple interacting variables
   in necessary to develop good natural resource management policies.
DE system dynamics; water resources management; simulation; water treaty;
   irrigation districts
ID dynamics

---

UT 360
AR Gao J, 2026, CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC, V28, DOI 10.1007/s10098-026-03478-9
TI Paths for low-carbon transformation in heavily polluting manufacturing
   industries under heterogeneous environmental regulations
AU Gao J; Feng QH; Gao Y; Guan T
TC 0
SO CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC
PY 2026
AB Under the constraints of the "dual-carbon" goals, the low-carbon transition
   of heavy-polluting manufacturing industries suffers from a lack of
   endogenous drive and path dependency, largely attributed to the "double
   externality" problem.  Departing from the conventional research paradigm
   that narrowly focuses on either environmental regulations or technological
   innovation, this paper develops an integrated analytical framework
   characterized by "external regulation-driven, internal willingness-led,
   innovative behavior implementation, and comprehensive benefit feedback."  By
   coupling four core subsystems, we construct a system dynamics (SD) model to
   examine the low-carbon transition.  Utilizing panel data from nine major
   heavy-polluting industries (2011-2019) and Vensim-based simulations, we
   identify three distinct transition pathways: policy-oriented, willingness-
   oriented, and behavior-oriented.  Furthermore, cluster analysis is employed
   to propose a "categorized governance" scheme that accommodates the
   heterogeneous features of these industries.
DE heavily polluting manufacturing industries; low-carbon transformation;
   heterogeneous environmental regulation; system dynamics ( sd ) model;
   cluster analysis

---

UT 361
AR Bross L, 2021, SYST, V9, DOI 10.3390/systems9010002
TI Will There Be Enough Water?  A System Dynamics Model to Investigate the
   Effective Use of Limited Resources for Emergency Water Supply
AU Bross L; Krause S
TC 3
SO SYST
PY 2021
AB The increased probability of occurrence of various hazards to water supply
   systems due to climate change requires the strengthening of their resilience
   through effective emergency preparedness planning.  This paper introduces a
   method for the assessment of the resilience of water supply systems,
   including emergency supply measures.  With 20 uniquely defined emergency
   situations, the technical constellations for possible impairments of the
   water supply are documented.  The system analysis developed for each
   emergency situation is then used to determine and prioritise all suitable
   supply measures to reduce the supply deficit.  Based on the data of a water
   utility close to Frankfurt, Germany, the developed system dynamics model was
   used to examine the resource utilisation for the respective emergency
   situations and to estimate the amount of water provided.  The model allows
   us to scrutinize and compare emergency water supply measures as well as to
   identify required resources.  Furthermore, the method helps us to prioritize
   measures as well as to make decisions when planning and providing emergency
   water supply (EWS).
DE crisis; critical infrastructure; disaster; drinking water; sd; resilience;
   risk management; risk reduction; vensim
ID resilience

---

UT 362
AR Yuan XG/1, 2015, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2015, DOI 10.1155/2015/206149
TI Recycler Reaction for the Government Behavior in Closed-Loop Supply Chain
   Distribution Network: Based on the System Dynamics
AU Yuan XG/1; Zhang XQ
TC 5
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2015
AB With system dynamics, we establish three-closed-loop supply chain
   distribution network system model which consists of supplier, manufacturer,
   two retailers, and products (parts) recycler.  We proposed that recycler
   make reflect for the government policy by adjusting the recycling ratio and
   recycling delay.  We use vensim software to simulate this model and
   investigate how the products (parts) recyclers behavior influences the loop
   supply chain distribution system.  The result shows that (1) when recyclers
   respond positively to government policies, recycling will increase the
   proportion of recyclers.  When recyclers respond negatively to government
   policy making, recycling will reduce the proportion of recyclers.  (2) When
   the recovery percentage of recyclers improves, manufacturers, Retailer 1,
   and Retailer 2 quantity fluctuations will reduce and the bullwhip effect
   will diminish.  (3) When the proportion of recycled parts recyclers is
   lowered, manufacturers, Retailer 1, and Retailer 2 inventory fluctuation
   will increase and the bullwhip effect will be enhanced.  (4) When recyclers
   recycling product delays increased, volatility manufacturers order quantity
   will rise, but there is little change in the amount of fluctuation of orders
   of the two retailers.  (5) When recycling parts recyclers delay increases,
   fluctuations in the supplier order quantity will rise, but there is little
   change in the amount of fluctuation of orders of the two retailers.

---

UT 363
AR Li XX, 2025, PLOS, V20, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0330100
TI Modeling and simulation of railway safety management with public supervision
   and dynamic incentives: A four-party evolutionary game and system dynamics
   approach
AU Li XX; Cao XR; Deng JY; Li XY
TC 1
SO PLOS
PY 2025
AB Railway accidents pose a significant threat to the industry, necessitating
   enhanced research into railway transportation safety.  This study integrated
   a public oversight framework into the existing safety governance structure
   of railway transport operators, utilizing a four-party evolutionary game
   model and system dynamics for enhancement.  Simulations conducted with
   Vensim software demonstrate that increased public supervision increases
   safety operation rates and improves the safety-related productivity of
   auxiliary enterprises.  However, uncertainties in the evolutionary strategy
   process were identified.  To address equilibrium fluctuations, a dynamic
   reward-punishment mechanism was developed.  The optimized system achieved a
   safety operation rate of 99.7%, enhanced the safety-related productivity of
   the auxiliary enterprises to 93.2%, and increased the public supervision
   rate to 87.2%. These findings indicate that effective public participation
   and dynamic incentives can significantly improve safety management and
   prevent losses in railway sectors, offering valuable theoretical and
   practical insights for global railway enterprises.
ID rent-seeking; performance; trade; hfacs

---

UT 364
AR Makarov VL, 2019, BIZN INF, V13, P7, DOI 10.17323/1998-0663.2019.4.7.16
TI Developing digital twins for production enterprises
AU Makarov VL; Bakhtizin AR; Beklaryan GL
TC 15
SO BIZN INF
PY 2019
AB This article presents a new approach to developing digital twins of
   production companies with the use of simulation methods.  It describes the
   concept of digital twins as an integrated system that aggregates simulation
   models, databases and intelligent software modules of the class of genetic
   optimization algorithms, subsystems of data mining, etc.  The article
   presents examples of simulation models of different production companies, in
   particular, a typical assembly plant and a typical oil production
   enterprise.  The first company carries out activities to assembly products
   from individual components with its own individual characteristics.  To
   describe the behavior of such an enterprise, methods of agent and discrete-
   event modeling are used.  The second enterprise produces raw carbohydrate
   materials at existing fields with individual characteristics.  The
   integrated simulation models thus developed are integrated with a subject-
   oriented database and optimization modules that facilitate providing a
   control of the technological and resource characteristics of the respective
   production enterprises.  The development of these models was performed using
   AnyLogic and Powersim simulation systems that support agent-based modeling
   and system dynamics methods.  We demonstrate here the possibility of
   creating 'digital twins' for production companies using modern simulation
   tools.
DE digital twins; agent-based modeling; system dynamics; discrete-event
   simulation; digital economy; production companies
ID agent; dynamics; models

---

UT 365
AR Law A, 2012, J SUSTAIN TOUR, V20, P823, DOI 10.1080/09669582.2012.687740
TI Towards a green economy decision support system for tourism destinations
AU Law A; De Lacy T; McGrath GM; Whitelaw PA; Lipman G; Buckley G
TC 27
SO J SUSTAIN TOUR
PY 2012
AB This paper discusses green economy planning in tourism; a process
   characterized by complexity and high levels of uncertainty, where limited
   data availability and the absence of existing frameworks hinder the
   development of targeted and effective strategies.  It presents an approach
   for a decision support system (DSS) to assist destinations address
   challenges and to seize opportunities in this new situation of change.  A
   multidisciplinary approach drawing on the fields of sustainable tourism,
   destination management and system dynamics was applied to identify the
   requirements of such a DSS and to present examples of how it may be
   implemented.  A consultancy study in the destination of Sharm El Sheikh
   (Egypt) was used to develop a holistic model for the requirements of the
   proposed DSS. Based on this model, examples were developed in the software
   program Powersim, to provide an insight into how such a DSS could assist
   destination policymakers, planners and managers with dynamic scenario
   modelling and planning to help understand and manage the drivers of change -
   particularly those drivers that are complex and difficult to quantify such
   as the opportunities presented by green demand.  The proposed DSS is
   intended to be further developed by applying it to new destination case
   studies.
DE green economy; tourism destinations; decision support system; greenhouse gas
   mitigation; destination management; system dynamics
ID climate-change; sustainable tourism; evolution; impact; policy

---

UT 366
AR Azad SM, 2020, KYBERNETES, V49, P332, DOI 10.1108/K-09-2018-0480
TI Modelling techno-sectoral innovation system A new hybrid approach for
   innovation motors policymaking
AU Azad SM; Khodabakhsh P; Roshannafas F; Ghodsypour SH
TC 3
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2020
AB Purpose This study aims to scrutiny the performance of the petrochemical
   sector and the technological innovation life cycle.  Also, the stage of the
   innovation life cycle for the sector is specified.  Then, scenarios are
   designed to improve the speed of the sector development.  For this reason,
   for synchronizing the petrochemical sector, this study tries to combine two
   innovation systems (technological and sectoral systems) called "techno-
   sectoral innovation system" under an integrated model.  Furthermore, the
   "functions and driving motors" are expanded in the proposed model.
   Design/methodology/approach By combining two concepts of the innovation
   systems, the complexity of the system rises to some extent.  Also, to model
   causal relationships in the sector and non-linear connections between
   variables, system dynamics approach is applied.  During this phase, the flow
   diagram of the model is translated to a simulation programme using Vensim
   software.  Model validation is investigated using a comparison of the actual
   with simulated values.  Findings The results predict the functions state of
   the innovation system and detect activation of innovation motors in each
   stage of the innovation life cycle.  Validation shows the acceptable error
   of the indices.  It can be concluded that the sector is relatively in the
   development state.  Four scenarios have been proposed for representing
   policies that sector uses to motivate its companies.  The best scenario is
   the fourth one that divides resources with different weightings among
   companies to accelerate switching time between sector's motors.  Finally,
   the fourth scenario can improve the performance of the petrochemical.
   Originality/value The hybrid approach shows researchers that performance of
   an industry can be improved based on sectoral and technological at the same
   time.  Thus, this case-based model can contribute to other researchers, as a
   base model.  Also, it could be customized with parameters and the
   relationship between players and functions.  Furthermore, a dynamic switch
   among the motors has been presented in the model.
DE policymaking; tsis; system dynamics; policymaking; innovation functions;
   innovation motors; petrochemical sector
ID offshore wind; dynamics; diffusion; management; digestion; framework;
   failure

---

UT 367
AR Qian LH, 2025, ATMOSPHERE, V16, DOI 10.3390/atmos16080978
TI Dynamic Risk Assessment of Collapse Geological Hazards on Highway Slopes in
   Basalt Regions During Rainy Seasons
AU Qian LH; Zhao P; Li ZS
TC 0
SO ATMOSPHERE
PY 2025
AB Anchored in the four-factor theory of natural hazard risk, this study
   presents a dynamic risk assessment of collapse geological hazards (CGHs)
   using the S3K highway slope in Changbai Korean Autonomous County, China, as
   a case study.  Building on previous research, the methodological framework
   consists of three sequential stages: (1) critical indicators for CGHs in
   basalt regions are identified, with iron-staining anomalies-a hallmark of
   such terrains-innovatively integrated as a slope stability metric; (2) a
   system dynamics (SD) model is developed in Vensim to quantify dynamic
   feedback mechanisms, focusing on the "rock weathering-rainfall triggering-
   slope instability" nexus, and time-varying parameters are introduced to
   enable monthly-scale risk prediction; and (3) a 500 m x 500 m grid system is
   established using ArcGIS 10.4, and a computer program is developed to
   achieve SD-GIS coupling and calculate grid parameters.  The information
   value method is then employed to determine risk thresholds, thereby
   completing CGH risk assessment and prediction.  The results indicate that
   over the next five years, high-risk areas will exhibit spatial agglomeration
   when monthly rainfall exceeds approximately 130 mm (July and August).
   Conversely, when monthly rainfall is below around 60 mm, the entire region
   will display low or no risk.  Model simulations reveal that risks during the
   rainy season over the next five years will exhibit insignificant
   variability, prompting simplification of the resultant cartography.  Field
   validation corroborates the robustness of the model.  This research
   overcomes the primary limitations of conventional static assessment models
   by improving the dynamic predictability and the applicability to basalt
   terrains.  The integrated SD-GIS framework presents a novel methodological
   paradigm for dynamic CGH risk analysis and offers support for the
   formulation of targeted disaster mitigation strategies.
DE collapse geological hazards; system dynamics; geographic information-system;
   dynamic risk assessment
ID evolution

---

UT 368
AR He L, 2022, WASTE MANAGE, V140, P204, DOI 10.1016/j.wasman.2021.11.026
TI Exploring the EPR system for power battery recycling from a supply-side
   perspective: An evolutionary game analysis
AU He L; Sun BZ
TC 91
SO WASTE MANAG
PY 2022
AB As a core component of new energy vehicle development, power battery will
   bring serious environmental pollution if it is not disposed of in a
   standardized way after retirement, so a scientific recycling mechanism is
   the key to achieve sustainable development.  This paper explores the EPR
   mechanism of power battery recycling from a supply-side perspective based on
   a game theory approach.  The system dynamics evolution model was constructed
   using Vensim software.  Model testing, reward and punishment mechanism
   design and analysis of key parameters changes were carried out.  The results
   show that the initial state of tripartite strategy choice is not conducive
   to the positive operation of reverse supply chain.  The curve gradually
   fluctuates toward positive strategy side after the introduction of static
   reward and punishment mechanism, at which time the three parties show a
   cyclical behavior pattern.  The dynamic reward and punishment mechanism can
   make consumers and almost 97% of the new energy vehicle manufacturers
   (NEVMs) participate in the environmental protection of power battery
   recycling, which has a better effect.  In addition, the high cost of
   recycling will prevent a higher percentage of NEVMs from participating in
   supply chain construction.  At the same time, the recycling price raised by
   private enterprises and small workshops is also one of the key factors that
   interfere with the participation of supply-side groups in formal recycling.
DE power battery recycling; three-party evolutionary game; system dynamics ( sd
   ); epr mechanism optimization
ID management; simulation; model

---

UT 369
AR Liu W, 2023, RESOUR POLIC, V80, DOI 10.1016/j.resourpol.2022.103183
TI Resilience assessment of the cobalt supply chain in China under the impact
   of electric vehicles and geopolitical supply risks
AU Liu W; Li X/1; Liu CY/1; Wang MX; Liu LT
TC 77
SO RESOUR POLIC
PY 2023
AB Cobalt, one of the essential new energy materials, is widely applied in many
   crucial industries.  In recent years, the rapid development of electric
   vehicles (EVs) has led to increased cobalt demand, and geopolitical changes
   have increased the risk of cobalt supply disruption.  To investigate the
   impact of geopolitical risks and demand shocks of EVs on the cobalt supply
   chain system, we applied the system dynamics model to assess the cobalt
   supply chain resilience and construct four subsystems of price, production
   capacity, supply, and demand to explore the resilience mechanism of the
   cobalt supply chain.  Through Vensim simulation experiments, three
   resilience enhancement measures from recycling technology, inventory, and
   material substitution under the impact of the EVs demand and geopolitical
   supply risks are used as model scenarios.  The research results revealed
   that the cobalt supply chain is less resilient under the impact of EVs and
   geopolitical risks.  The reduction of cobalt imports under geopolitical
   risks has a direct impact on cobalt prices and produces a superimposed
   effect.  When a 20%, 50%, and 100% reduction in China's cobalt imports due
   to geopolitical events, the cobalt price rises from 2026 by 8.24%, 10.67%,
   and 15.01% in 2027, respectively, compared to the baseline scenario, to
   reach the maximum cobalt price in 2028. The improvement in recycling
   technology makes the Chinese cobalt supply chain more resilient, as
   evidenced by capacity growth.  A 33% improvement in recovery technology,
   increasing cobalt supply capacity by 12.57% and relieving supply pressure by
   16.47% under cobalt supply disruptions.  Inventory is one of the apparent
   improvements in the cobalt supply chain to respond to shocks in EV demand.
   Material substitution improves resilience in both scenarios, but is less
   effective in supply disruptions under geopolitical risk shocks.
DE electric vehicles; geopolitical risk; supply disruption; supply chain
   resilience; system dynamics
ID lithium; batteries; metals; model; sustainability; performance; trade; flows

---

UT 370
AR Jetha A, 2016, J OCCUP REHABIL, V26, P276, DOI 10.1007/s10926-015-9613-2
TI Return-to-Work Within a Complex and Dynamic Organizational Work Disability
   System
AU Jetha A; Pransky G; Fish J; Hettinger LJ
TC 18
SO J OCCUP REHABIL
PY 2016
AB Background Return-to-work (RTW) within a complex organizational system can
   be associated with suboptimal outcomes.  Purpose To apply a sociotechnical
   systems perspective to investigate complexity in RTW; to utilize system
   dynamics modeling (SDM) to examine how feedback relationships between
   individual, psychosocial, and organizational factors make up the work
   disability system and influence RTW. Methods SDMs were developed within two
   companies.  Thirty stakeholders including senior managers, and frontline
   supervisors and workers participated in model building sessions.
   Participants were asked questions that elicited information about the
   structure of the work disability system and were translated into feedback
   loops.  To parameterize the model, participants were asked to estimate the
   shape and magnitude of the relationship between key model components.  Data
   from published literature were also accessed to supplement participant
   estimates.  Data were entered into a model created in the software program
   Vensim.  Simulations were conducted to examine how financial incentives and
   light duty work disability-related policies, utilized by the participating
   companies, influenced RTW likelihood and preparedness.  Results The SDMs
   were multidimensional, including individual attitudinal characteristics,
   health factors, and organizational components.  Among the causal pathways
   uncovered, psychosocial components including workplace social support,
   supervisor and co-worker pressure, and supervisor-frontline worker
   communication impacted RTW likelihood and preparedness.  Interestingly, SDM
   simulations showed that work disability-related policies in both companies
   resulted in a diminishing or opposing impact on RTW preparedness and
   likelihood.  Conclusion SDM provides a novel systems view of RTW. Policy and
   psychosocial component relationships within the system have important
   implications for RTW, and may contribute to unanticipated outcomes.
DE return-to-work; sociotechnical systems; system dynamics modeling;
   complexity; work disability management
ID health-care; back-pain; management; interventions; prevention; workplace;
   behaviors; coworkers; paradigm; injury

---

UT 371
AR Zhang GS, 2021, J ADV TRANSP, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/2474784
TI System Dynamics Modelling for Dynamic Emergency Response to Accidents
   Involving Transport of Dangerous Goods by Road
AU Zhang GS; Shen XY; Hua J; Zhao JW; Liu HX
TC 6
SO J ADV TRANSP
PY 2021
AB For improving the emergency capacities during road transportation accidents
   of dangerous goods, this paper divides the accident emergency procedure into
   four subsystems: accident information processing, personnel rescue and
   evacuation, vehicle evacuation, and rescue materials delivery.  On this
   basis, the causal mechanism and the loop diagrams of the emergency process
   are established by using the System Dynamics Method and Vensim software.
   First, six factors including transportation distance, the degree of
   mechanical modernization, delay time of personnel control, delay time of
   traffic information release, command level coefficient, and delay time of
   department arrival are selected as parameters to test the model's
   sensitivity analysis.  Then, the influences of the abovementioned factors on
   the observed value, such as the demand gap of on-site materials, number of
   people in safe area, number of vehicles in safe area, amount of disposal
   information, and the dynamic evolution behavior of the system, are analyzed.
   The results show that the transportation distance is shortened by half, and
   the time to fill the demand gap is reduced by 39%. The level of mechanical
   modernization is doubled, the peak inventory of materials in transit will
   increase by 9.2%, and the time to reach the peak will be shortened by 6.8%.
   If the delay time of personnel control is shortened by 480 s, the number of
   people to be evacuated in accident area will be reduced by 56. The delay
   time of traffic information release is shortened by 480 s, the number of
   vehicles to be evacuated is reduced by 74, and the time when the vehicle
   stops entering accident area is 1646 s in advance.  The command level
   coefficient increases by 9.5%, and the speed of action execution increases
   by 9.6%.

---

UT 372
AR Xie RQ, 2023, MANAG DECIS, V61, P2050, DOI 10.1108/MD-06-2022-0767
TI Online knowledge sharing in blockchains: towards increasing participation
AU Xie RQ; Zhang WD
TC 8
SO MANAG DECIS
PY 2023
AB PurposeThis paper aims to propose a system dynamics model of blockchain
   online community knowledge sharing, with the following goals: to reveal the
   internal mechanism of blockchain technology on community knowledge sharing;
   to show the impact of blockchain technology on knowledge sharing; and to
   promote knowledge sharing and the self-development of blockchain online
   communities.Design/methodology/approachBased on the core characteristic
   factors of blockchain technology, including incentive mechanism, trust
   mechanism, information protection mechanism, etc., a knowledge sharing
   analysis framework is established.  Through the use of the Vensim PLE
   (Personal Learning Version) software, according to the steps of "putting
   forward a dynamic hypothesis", "establishing a system dynamic equations",
   and then "model testing" and "simulation", the article analyzes in depth the
   process and extent of the impact of the above features on online community
   knowledge sharing.FindingsThe results show that the blockchain incentive
   mechanism, trust mechanism and information protection mechanism all
   contribute to promoting an increase in the number of community knowledge
   sharing users, as well as in the total amount of knowledge shared.  The
   results also show that the token reward in the incentive mechanism has in
   fact a higher degree of influence than the trust and information protection
   mechanisms.Originality/valueAt present, no research on the internal
   mechanism of knowledge sharing in blockchain online communities has been
   carried out.  This article plays a complementary role in research in this
   field, and offers significant guidance for promoting online community
   knowledge management and online community development.
DE blockchain; knowledge sharing; system dynamics model; incentive mechanism;
   trust mechanism; information protection mechanism

---

UT 373
AR Li GJ, 2021, CITIES, V114, DOI 10.1016/j.cities.2021.103206
TI The dynamic development process of urban resilience: From the perspective of
   interaction and feedback
AU Li GJ; Kou CH; Wen FH
TC 36
SO CITIES
PY 2021
AB The urban system is gradually becoming a multi-level and multipolar network
   under the rapid development of information and communication technology.  In
   the urban network, resources can flow orderly and realize optimal
   allocation, but the crisis also can spread and even exert an amplification
   effect.  Focusing more on network resilience is essential for keeping the
   nexus safety.  Thus, this paper develops a system dynamics model from
   multiple dimensions of urban resilience and uses a case study to illustrate
   its application.  This model can reveal the dynamic development process of
   urban resilience and the interaction mechanism among different dimensions,
   which can help policymakers formulate classification policies and use them
   at the right time.  The conclusions are as following: (i) This model is a
   widely applicable tool and its validity and application process are
   presented by the case study; (ii) Case study shows the development process
   of urban resilience is divided into three developing stages: rapid increase,
   slow increase, and rapid increase again; (ii) Case study shows that
   subnetwork resilience has different characters.  For example, the resilience
   of material and energy network is the most fast-growing part before 2020,
   but the resilience of governance network begins to have a leading position
   since 2021, which will play the most vital role to support the improvement
   of urban resilience in the future.  (iii) Case study shows that each sub-
   network resilience has its sensitivity factors, which should become policy
   concerns and can maximize the output under the same input.
DE urban resilience; dynamic process; interaction and feedback mechanism;
   system dynamics model; sensitivity factor
ID city; network; principles; strategies; framework; models; vensim; cities;
   index

---

UT 374
AR Chidumayo NN, 2018, PLOS, V13, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0205884
TI System dynamics modelling approach to explore the effect of dog demography
   on rabies vaccination coverage in Africa
AU Chidumayo NN
TC 14
SO PLOS
PY 2018
AB Background Dogs are important reservoirs of rabies, a zoonotic viral
   encephalitis that kills thousands of people in Asia and Africa annually.
   Mass dog vaccination is recommended for the prevention of rabies in both
   humans and dogs.  Mass vaccinations should be conducted annually but more
   frequent campaigns may be required in areas with high dog turnover rates.
   Consequently, a good understanding of dog demography is essential for the
   control of the disease.  The aim of this study was to explore the effect of
   dog demography on rabies vaccination coverage following a mass vaccination
   campaign with at least 70% vaccination coverage.  Methodology/Principal
   findings A dog population model was constructed to explore the effect of dog
   demography on rabies vaccination coverage decline.  Important model
   parameters were identified through a comprehensive literature search on dog
   demography in Africa.  A system dynamics approach was adopted to build a dog
   population model to simulate the effects of demographic processes on rabies
   vaccination coverage.  Vensim PLE Plus software was used to construct the
   model.  Multivariate sensitivity simulations using data from 22 studies and
   12 African countries were performed to investigate the effect of dog
   turnover rates on vaccination coverage decline.  In addition, an adjusted
   vaccination coverage to estimate the proportion of vaccinated dogs with
   adequate immunity at 12 months post-vaccination was calculated.  The results
   demonstrated that the vaccination coverage and adjusted vaccination coverage
   remained over 30% and 20% respectively at 12 months if annual mass
   vaccinations achieved at least 70% coverage.  Conclusions/Significance The
   results demonstrated that annual mass vaccination campaigns with at least
   70% vaccination coverage would maintain a herd immunity of 20-45% between
   campaigns.
ID machakos district; public-health; canine rabies; ecology; population;
   management; campaign; bamako; world

---

UT 375
AR Khivintcev M, 2014, BIZN INF, V27, P23
TI APPLICATION OF MULTI-AGENT GENETIC ALGORITHM FOR SEARCH OF OPTIMUM STRATEGIC
   AND OPERATIONAL DECISIONS
AU Khivintcev M; Akopov A
TC 1
SO BIZN INF
PY 2014
AB The article presents a new approach to applying a multi-agent genetic
   algorithm (MAGAMO) for search of optimum strategic and operational solutions
   in large-scale simulation models.  The purpose of the paper is to develop a
   simulation model of a referential Internet shop on the basis of the system
   dynamics methods and to applythe multi-agent genetic algorithm (MAGAMO) for
   solution a multi-criteria optimizing problem of the strategic and
   operational control parameters related to the class of large-scale problems.
   An imitation modeling system Powersim Studio is used for implementing the
   mathematical model of referential internet shop.  The research is focused on
   the large-scale multi-criteria optimizing problems run in simulation
   systems.  For the solution of such problems, a multi-agent genetic algorithm
   (MAGAMO) is offered.  The feature of this algorithm is the distribution of a
   set of the system operating parameters between agents on the basis of the
   preliminary cluster analysis.  Each agent represents independent genetic
   algorithm with its own evolution of the decisions, corresponding to
   thepreset control parameters.  Information exchange between the agents
   functioning in parallel processes is carried out through divided memory of
   system (a multidimensional database). Here, the central process is
   responsible for selecting solutions of the highest rank of Pareto.  Using a
   specialized software of Pareto Front Viewer visualization, Pareto's front is
   provided.  The developed simulation model is integrated with algorithm of
   MAGAMO, system of visualization of Pareto front and a multidimensional
   database.  The results of numerical experiments, which have been carried out
   on real data of the internet shop, have demonstrated high efficiency of the
   developed multi-agent genetic algorithm for search of optimum solutions in
   systems of imitating modeling of big dimension.
DE multicriteria optimization; system dynamics; parallel genetic algorithms;
   large-scale problem; pareto front

---

UT 376
AR Ma LQ, 2020, J CLEAN PROD, V268, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2020.122206
TI Ecodesign method of intelligent boom sprayer based on Preferable Brownfield
   Process
AU Ma LQ; Xu YL; Zheng JQ; Dai X
TC 9
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2020
AB An intelligent boom sprayer (IBS) can realize efficient, precise and
   variable pesticides spraying operations on diverse crops and terrains by
   reconfiguring its hardware/software modules.  Therefore, an ecological and
   reconfigurable design development strategy for IBS to get design goals, such
   as detachability, recyclability, maintainability, and reusability, will play
   a key role in ensuring the functions, service life and quality requirements
   of the product.  After analyzing connotation and features of IBS,the
   Brownfield Process (BfP) was optimized to construct a Preferable Brownfield
   Process (P-BfP) which could achieve IBS ecodesign goals through analyzing
   the applicability and interference of IBS design and using Axiomatic Design
   (AD) as a main optimization theory role.  The content identification and
   communication mechanism of the P-BfP were studied.  The importance of
   existing resource reuse and standardization in the product design process
   for ecodesign was also highlighted.  Dynamic models of BfP and P-BfP were
   built by using System Dynamics (SD) for providing a method to optimize the
   P-BfP design process.  The simulation results showed that the P-BfP is more
   suitable for IBS design than the BfP from the time dimension by applying
   Vensim PLE and can improve the operating efficiency by 40% and reduce the
   training time by 50% while scientifically guiding the development of IBS.
   Finally, the feasibility of P-BfP was illustrated through comparing boom
   structure development result.  The research results provide valuable
   scientific guidance for the ecodesign of reconfigurable modular products
   like IBS. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE intelligent boom sprayer; boom structure development; preferable brownfield
   process; system dynamics model analysis
ID active torque control; vibration suppression; optimization; design;
   suspension

---

UT 377
AR Qu LL, 2025, HABITAT INT, V163, DOI 10.1016/j.habitatint.2025.103456
TI Coupling coordination evolution of the settlements-farming system and its
   optimization path: Keys to sustainable rural development in the Three Gorges
   Reservoir Area of China
AU Qu LL; Tu ZQ; Liu JL; Li YR
TC 13
SO HABITAT INT
PY 2025
AB The stability and coordinated development of the settlements-farming system
   (SFS) in mountainous regions are vital for ensuring food security and
   ecological sustainability, particularly in complex terrain zones such as the
   Three Gorges Reservoir Area (TGRA) of China.  Existing studies have largely
   overlooked the nonlinear feedback mechanisms and spatiotemporal dynamics
   underpinning rural settlements-farming interactions in mountainous contexts.
   To address this gap, this study integrates system dynamics modeling-with
   implementation in Vensim-and the entropy weight method for indicator
   weighting to evaluate the coupling coordination of the SFS in the
   mountainous areas of Chongqing within the TGRA. Through multi-scenario
   simulations, the research investigates how endogenous and exogenous drivers
   influence the evolution and optimization of the SFS over the period
   2005-2020. The findings reveal that: (1)Under the status quo development
   mode, the coupling coordination of the SFS in the TGRA exhibits a favorable
   trend, with an average annual growth rate of 2.5 % during 2005-2020.
   (2)Endogenous dynamics, such as farmland utilization efficiency, mainly
   drive the coupling evolution of the SFS by enhancing land development in the
   reservoir area and responding to technological innovations and policy
   reforms.  (3)Exogenous dynamics, such as the degree of government
   expectation fulfillment, also influence the system by limiting excessive
   government interventions.  However, endogenous dynamics have a significantly
   stronger effect than exogenous dynamics on the system's evolution.
   Therefore, it is essential to balance policy support with the improvement of
   endogenous dynamics to promote the region's sustainable development.  This
   study contributes theoretical and methodological innovation by embedding
   dynamic feedback analysis into SFS evaluation and identifying key leverage
   points for rural revitalization.  It also offers targeted policy
   recommendations to support the sustainable rural development of mountainous
   territorial systems, emphasizing a human-land systems perspective that
   aligns land structure optimization with ecological restoration and rural
   well-being.
DE settlements-farming system; coupling coordination; system dynamics;
   simulation; three gorges reservoir area
ID land-use

---

UT 378
AR Ji C, 2022, SUSTAIN, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14031171
TI Sustainable Mechanism of the Entrusted Transportation Management Mode on
   High-Speed Rail and the Impact of COVID-19: A Case Study of the Beijing-
   Shanghai High-Speed Rail
AU Ji C; Yao YK; Duan JQ; Li WX
TC 3
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB The transport management mode fundamentally determines the sustainable
   development of high-speed rail passenger transport (HSRPT), which was
   shocked by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. In order to study the sustainable
   development mechanism of HSRPT and the impact of COVID-19, primarily based
   on the data from the Beijing-Shanghai high-speed rail (HSR) taken from 2018,
   we adopt system dynamics (SD) to provide a scenario simulation method to
   examination sustainable operation status of HSRPT under the entrusted
   transportation management mode (ETMM) by VENSIM, and take into account the
   following two evaluation indicators: economic and operational.  The results
   show the following: (1) Transportation demand and commissioned
   transportation management fees play a vital role in the sustainable
   operation of the Beijing-Shanghai HSR, causing significant changes in
   transportation revenue and transportation costs.  (2) COVID-19 had a great
   impact on the sustainable operation of the Beijing-Shanghai HSR. In 2020,
   the turnover and transportation profit of the Beijing-Shanghai HSR fell by
   74.31% and 49.19%, respectively.  In 2022, the transportation profit can be
   restored to the level of 2019. The study results reveal that Beijing-
   Shanghai HSR under the ETMM has a good sustainable development capability.
DE high-speed rail passenger transport; sustainable operation; entrusted
   transportation management mode; covid-19 impact; system dynamics

---

UT 379
AR Wang TS, 2024, TRANSP POLIC, V157, P155, DOI 10.1016/j.tranpol.2024.08.011
TI The effect of carbon quota allocation methods on maritime supply chain
   emission reduction
AU Wang TS; Wu ZH/1; Cheng PY; Wang YD
TC 23
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2024
AB In September 2020, the European Parliament decided to include the CO2
   emitted on the all intra-European and 50% of extra-European voyages in the
   European Union Emission Trading System (EU-ETS) starting from 2022, in order
   to reduce the CO2 emission.  With the implementation of EU-ETS, the maritime
   supply chain will inevitably be significantly affected.  Different carbon
   quota allocations in ETS have different impact on the CO2 emission
   reduction, which motivates us to investigate the effect of different carbon
   quota allocations on maritime CO2 emission reduction.  Therefore, this paper
   considers two carbon quota allocations: the historical total quantity method
   and the historical intensity method, and develops a game model for each
   method.  Then, the equilibrium solutions of each game model are analyzed.
   With the help of the system dynamics and the software Vensim, numerical
   experiments are conducted to verify the properties obtained in the analysis
   of the equilibrium solutions.  The experimental results indicate that 1)
   Green technology (GT) can effectively reduce carbon emissions.  Based on
   long-term simulation results, the GT investments will be gradually offset by
   profiting from carbon quota trading.  2) Profits may vary with price, but
   the Historical Intensity method consistently achieves better carbon
   reduction effects or relatively higher profits.  3) The marginal profits of
   companies with similar historical intensity baselines are almost the same.
   This gives an advantage to companies who implement green technologies
   earlier, as they can quickly gain returns from GT.
DE carbon quota allocation methods; maritime supply chain; carbon emission
   trading; system dynamics; game model
ID trading system; deployment; transport; scheme; port

---

UT 380
AR Stouten H, 2008, AQUAT LIVING RESOUR, V21, P247, DOI 10.1051/alr:2008037
TI The effect of restrictive policy instruments on Belgian fishing fleet
   dynamics
AU Stouten H; Heene A; Gellynck X; Polet H
TC 4
SO AQUAT LIVING RESOUR
PY 2008
AB Even with the rapid changes in the level of complexity and the uncertainty
   of the environment in which Belgian sea fisheries operate, fisheries
   management in Belgium is still mainly based on restrictive policy
   instruments founded in the biological approach of fisheries management
   science.  Since they will continue to play an important role, this paper
   evaluated changes in three restrictive policy instruments and their effect
   on future fleet performance and dynamics, i.e.  maximum fishing days, total
   quota-restrictions and licences.  These effects are tested through scenarios
   in a microeconomic simulation model, including sensitivity analysis.  This
   study opts for a dynamic simulation model based on a microeconomic approach
   of fleet dynamics using system dynamics as a modelling technique
   (operational base: Vensim (R) DSS). The results indicated that changes in
   maximum fishing days and total quota resulted in higher fluctuations in
   fleet performance and dynamics compared to changes in licences.
   Furthermore, changes in maximum fishing days and total quota had a direct
   impact on fleet performance, though not always as expected, whereas licences
   only affected fleet performance indirectly since they only limit the entry
   of new vessels to the fleet and they can block the growth of successful sub
   fleets.  The outcomes of this study are translated into practical
   recommendations for improving fisheries management.  Firstly, policy makers
   need to be more aware of misperceptions of feedback.  Secondly, the results
   proved that altering only one type of restrictive policy instrument at a
   time often fails to meet desired outcomes.  Therefore, policy makers need to
   find a balance in combining policy instruments.  Finally, this paper opens
   the discussion on the future value of restrictive policy instruments in the
   rapidly changing, complex and uncertain fisheries environment.  It suggests
   rethinking their use from "preserving a status quo and social peace" toward
   a driving factor in "stimulating fleet dynamics".
DE fisheries-management; restrictive policy instruments; sensitivity
   simulation; system dynamics; fleet performance; fleet dynamics
ID fisheries-management; renewable resources; decision-making; misperceptions;
   complexity; feedback

---

UT 381
AR Al-Khatib IA, 2016, ENV MONIT ASSESS, V188, DOI 10.1007/s10661-016-5487-9
TI A system dynamics approach for hospital waste management in a city in a
   developing country: the case of Nablus, Palestine
AU Al-Khatib IA; Eleyan D; Garfield J
TC 28
SO ENV MONIT ASSESS
PY 2016
AB Hospitals and health centers provide a variety of healthcare services and
   normally generate hazardous waste as well as general waste.  General waste
   has a similar nature to that of municipal solid waste and therefore could be
   disposed of in municipal landfills.  However, hazardous waste poses risks to
   public health, unless it is properly managed.  The hospital waste management
   system encompasses many factors, i.  e., number of beds, number of
   employees, level of service, population, birth rate, fertility rate, and not
   in my back yard (NIMBY) syndrome.  Therefore, this management system
   requires a comprehensive analysis to determine the role of each factor and
   its influence on the whole system.  In this research, a hospital waste
   management simulation model is presented based on the system dynamics
   technique to determine the interaction among these factors in the system
   using a software package, ithink.  This model is used to estimate waste
   segregation as this is important in the hospital waste management system to
   minimize risk to public health.  Real data has been obtained from a case
   study of the city of Nablus, Palestine to validate the model.  The model
   exhibits wastes generated from three types of hospitals (private,
   charitable, and government) by considering the number of both inpatients and
   outpatients depending on the population of the city under study.  The model
   also offers the facility to compare the total waste generated among these
   different types of hospitals and anticipate and predict the future generated
   waste both infectious and non- infectious and the treatment cost incurred.
DE hazardous waste; hospitals; generation rate; systemdynamics; developing
   countries; palestine
ID health-care waste; medical waste; sharps injuries; disposal

---

UT 382
AR Adeogun A, 2025, HEAL, V13, DOI 10.3390/healthcare13030213
TI Patient-Centric Paradigm: A Systems Thinking Approach to Enhance Healthcare
AU Adeogun A; Faezipour M
TC 3
SO HEAL
PY 2025
AB Objective: The study aims to investigate the impact of patient-centric
   approaches on patient health outcomes, identify key leverage points for
   enhancing patient-centered care, and evaluate the effectiveness of systems
   thinking in guiding healthcare transformations.  Methods and Procedures: The
   research utilizes system dynamics methodology, combining qualitative and
   quantitative data with causal loop diagrams and simulation models.  Using
   Vensim software, the study examines dynamic interactions, feedback loops,
   and the effects of patient-centric interventions.  Sensitivity analysis
   assesses the impact of variables such as access to healthcare improvements,
   and social determinants of health (SDOH), providing insights into the
   systemic behaviors of healthcare models.  Results: Simulation analyses
   demonstrate the effectiveness of patient-centric interventions in improving
   engagement, satisfaction, communication, and health outcomes.  Key leverage
   points, such as enhanced patient-provider communication and addressing SDOH,
   are critical for driving sustainable improvements.  However, declining
   trends in outcomes over time indicate the need for adaptive strategies to
   maintain effectiveness.  Conclusions: The study emphasizes the importance of
   maintaining patient centricity in healthcare settings.  By leveraging
   systems thinking and addressing underlying factors such as SDOH, the
   research provides actionable insights to enhance care delivery and patient
   outcomes.  Despite the limitations of simulated data, the findings
   contribute to understanding the dynamic interplay between patient-centric
   strategies and healthcare system performance, advocating for sustained
   efforts to ensure equitable and effective care.
DE patient-centric approaches; causal model loop; systems thinking; system
   dynamics; health-care system; social determinants of health
ID policies

---

UT 383
AR Gallego-García S, 2021, APPL SCI-BASEL, V11, DOI 10.3390/app11010233
TI Predictive Sales and Operations Planning Based on a Statistical Treatment of
   Demand to Increase Efficiency: A Supply Chain Simulation Case Study
AU Gallego-García S; García-García M
TC 11
SO APPL SCI-BASEL
PY 2021
AB Forecasting is the basis for planning.  Good planning is based on a good
   prediction of what is going to happen to prepare a company, a department,
   and their environments for certain future developments and their
   intermediate states.  In this context, resources are allocated to these
   future states in the most efficient way, given a certain set of resource
   conditions.  Although market volatility demands the high adaptability of
   companies' operations, dynamic planning is still not widespread.  As a
   result, the alignment of planning processes with potential scenarios is not
   given, leading to a lack of solution preparation in the long term,
   suboptimal decision-making in the medium term, and corrective measures in
   the short term, with higher costs and a lower service level.  Therefore, the
   aim of this research is to propose a predictive approach that will help
   managers develop sales and operations planning (S&OP) with higher accuracy
   and stability.  For this purpose, a methodology combining demand scenarios,
   statistical analysis of the demand, forecasting techniques, random number
   generation, and system dynamics was developed.  The goal of this predictive
   S&OP is to predict the supply chain system's behavior to generate plans that
   prevent potential inefficiencies, thereby avoiding corrective measures.  In
   addition, to assess the methodology, the model is applied in the software
   Vensim, for an automotive producer ' s supply chain, to compare the
   predictive S&OP model with a classical approach.  The results show that the
   proposed predictive approach can increase a manufacturer's efficiency by
   increasing its adaptability through the identification of potential
   inefficiencies and can also be used to prepare solutions.
DE scenario management; sales and operations planning; predictive model; system
   dynamics; supply chain management; manufacturing

---

UT 384
AR Wang FF, 2022, J ENVIRON MANAGE, V318, DOI 10.1016/j.jenvman.2022.115623
TI Scenarios and sustainability of the economy-nitrogen-resource-environment
   system using a system dynamic model on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau
AU Wang FF; Liu SL; Liu H/1; Liu YX; Yu L; Wang QB; Dong YH; Tran LSP; Sun J;
   Zhao WW
TC 12
SO J ENV MANAG
PY 2022
AB Nitrogen (N) plays a vital role in the development of crop production and
   animal husbandry in agricultural and pastoral areas.  However, the
   irrational utilization of N resources and subsequent environmental issues
   with rapid economic development has attracted wide public attention.
   Coordinating the economy-N-resource-environment (ENRE) system is of great
   importance for regional sustainable development.  In this study, the
   dynamics of the ENRE system of a typical agricultural and pastoral area on
   the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau (QTP) were simulated using the VENSIM software
   from 1998 to 2018. Four typical scenarios (current development scenario,
   economic development scenario, environment protection scenario and resource
   optimization scenario) are established to assess the sustainability level
   and the coupling coordination degrees (CCDs) of the three subsystems, i.e.,
   the economy, N-resource and environment subsystems from 2019 to 2030. Our
   study indicates that the N flow-based system dynamics (SD) model connects
   the different subsystems of the ENRE system together well and allows
   different scenario simulations.  From 2019 to 2030, the ENRE system is at a
   weak sustainability level during the simulation period, and the three
   subsystems are at slightly unbalanced stages of development in terms of CCD
   level.  The sustainability and CCD levels of the four examined scenarios are
   as follows: resource optimization scenario > economic development scenario >
   environment protection scenario >current development scenario, with average
   values of 0.45, 0.37; 0.42, 0.36; 0.41, 0.35; and 0.39, 0.34, respectively.
   Under the resource optimization scenario, reducing N inputs to food
   production and consumption and reducing the planting area of cash crops can
   effectively improve the N use efficiency of the food chain in the N-resource
   subsystem (15.34% from 2019 to 2030 on average). Our results provide a
   reference for promoting sustainable development and formulating policies in
   agricultural and pastoral regions.
DE economy -nitrogen-resource -environment; system; system dynamics; scenario
   analysis; sustainability level; coupling coordination degree
ID phosphorus use efficiencies; food-chain; energy-consumption; coupling
   analysis; simulation model; co2 emissions; china food; management;
   urbanization; coordination

---

UT 385
AR Liu JK, 2020, ENVIRON SCI POLLUT R, V27, P37260, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-019-06739-x
TI System dynamic analysis of construction waste recycling industry chain in
   China
AU Liu JK; Teng Y; Wang D; Gong EQ
TC 56
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2020
AB With the acceleration of China's urbanization process, construction
   activities have led to a substantial increase in construction waste.
   However, as China's construction waste recycling rate is low, it is
   difficult to convert construction waste into valuable products for the
   sustainable development of waste resources.  The biggest reason for this is
   the construction waste industrial chain, which is imperfect and has many
   problems.  In this study, a simulation model is established using system
   dynamics software Vensim PLE. The analogue simulation shows that (1) China
   generates a large amount of construction waste every year.  If construction
   waste source reduction measures are implemented, it will inhibit 50% of the
   waste generated.  Upstream enterprises in the industry chain should actively
   develop waste reduction technology and improve waste reduction management;
   (2) marginal effect exists in the single waste reduction measure, but the
   government should implement more portfolio reduction measures to enhance the
   reduction effect, which is often three times that of the single policy; (3)
   the middle stream recycling enterprises in the industry chain cannot solely
   rely on government subsidies to reduce the cost of waste recycling.  It is
   necessary to create synergistic linkages with more responsible entities
   upstream and downstream of the industry chain, thus creating a new model in
   construction waste management.  (4) Government policies tend to drive the
   purchasing power of building material market.  The government should
   actively exert its subjective initiative, supervise and provide policies to
   help the downstream enterprises that supply recycled building materials in
   the industry chain, and change the rigid understanding of contractors and
   owners about recycled building materials.  The research conclusions can
   provide theoretical guidance for industry chain-related enterprises and
   government management departments in policy formulation, so that
   construction waste is sustainably developed.
DE construction and demolition waste ( c and dw ); collaborative management;
   industry chain; system dynamics; sustainable development
ID demolition waste; management; model; minimization; contractors; disposal;
   behavior; design; impact

---

UT 386
AR [Anonymous], 2021, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/2493380
TI Research on the Differential Mechanisms of Knowledge Cross-Border Searching
   on Firms' Dual Innovation in the Digital Context: Based on Simulation of
   System Dynamics Model
TC 3
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2021
AB Acquiring and combining heterogeneous knowledge resources across
   organizational boundaries are an important path for the success of
   enterprises' innovation.  From the perspective of the relation attributes
   between knowledge elements, this paper divides knowledge cross-border
   searching into two types: domain knowledge searching and architectural
   knowledge coupling searching.  Then, we construct a system dynamics model
   and use Vensim PLE software to carry out simulation analysis to explore the
   differential mechanisms of knowledge cross-border searching influence firms'
   dual innovation in the context of digital transformation.  The analysis
   results show that domain knowledge searching positively affects firms'
   iterative innovation, while there is an inverted U-shaped relationship
   between architectural knowledge searching and firms' disruptive innovation,
   indicating that different types of knowledge cross-border searching have
   differential effects on firms' dual innovation.  The simulation results also
   address that digital resources can promote enterprises' dual innovation in
   the process of knowledge cross-border searching.  The research results
   reveal that the internal laws of knowledge cross-border searching affect
   enterprises' dual innovation in the context of digital transformation and
   provide a theoretical reference for enterprises to effectively use digital
   technology to adopt knowledge searching activities.

---

UT 387
AR Bastan M, 2024, KYBERNETES, V53, P5325, DOI 10.1108/K-07-2022-0981
TI Resilient banking: model-based assessment of business continuity policies on
   commercial banks
AU Bastan M; Tavakkoli-Moghaddam R; Bozorgi-Amiri A
TC 3
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2024
AB Purpose - Commercial banks face several risks, including credit, liquidity,
   operational and disruptive risks.  In addition to these risks that are
   challenging for banks to control and manage, crises and disasters can exert
   substantially more destructive shocks.  These shocks can exacerbate internal
   risks and cause severe damage to the bank's performance, leading banks to
   bankruptcy and closure.  This study aims to facilitate achieving resilient
   banking policies through a model-based assessment of business continuity
   management (BCM) policies.  Design/methodology/approach - By applying a
   system dynamics (SD) methodology, a systemic model that includes a causal
   structure of the banking business is presented.  To build a simulation
   model, data are collected from a commercial bank in Iran.  By presenting the
   simulation model of the bank's business, the consequences of some given
   crises on the bank's performance are tested, and the effectiveness of risk
   and crisis management policies is evaluated.  Vensim Personal Learning
   Edition (PLE) software is used to construct the simulation model.  Findings
   - Results indicate that the current BCM policies do not show appropriate
   resilience in the face of various crises.  Commercial banks cannot create
   sustainable value for the banks' shareholders despite the possibility of
   profitability, as the shareholders lack adequate resilience and soundness.
   These commercial banks do not have the appropriate resilience for the next
   pandemic after coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Moreover, the robustness
   of the current banking business model is very fragile for the banking run
   crisis.  Practical implications - A forward-looking view of resilient
   banking can be obtained by combining liquidity coverage, stable funding,
   capital adequacy and insights from stress tests.  Resilient banking requires
   a balanced combination of robustness, soundness and profitability.
   Originality/value - The present study is a combination of bank business
   management, risk and resilience management and SD simulation.  This approach
   can analyze and simulate the dynamics of bank resilience.  Additionally,
   present of a decision support system (DSS) to analyze and simulate the
   outcomes of different crisis management policies and solutions is an
   innovative approach to developing effective and resilient banking policies.
DE resilient banking; organizational resilience; risk management; capital
   adequacy; liquidity coverage; stable funding; system dynamics
ID management; system

---

UT 388
AR Wang N, 2025, WORLD ELECTR VEH J, V16, DOI 10.3390/wevj16030151
TI The Efficacy of the New Energy Vehicle Mandate Policy on Passenger Vehicle
   Market in China
AU Wang N; Li XF; Yang XN
TC 4
SO WORLD ELECTR VEH J
PY 2025
AB This paper aims to assess the impact of the New Energy Vehicle (NEV) mandate
   policy on the passenger vehicle market in China, with a focus on its
   effectiveness in promoting NEV adoption.  In response to global climate
   goals and energy security concerns, China has implemented various NEV
   policies, including the phase-out of direct subsidies and the introduction
   of the NEV mandate policy (dual-credits policy). This policy, which combines
   NEV credits and Corporate Average Fuel Consumption (CAFC) credits, aims not
   only to promote NEV adoption but also to support industrial policy
   objectives by helping the auto industry leapfrog traditional internal
   combustion engines and become globally competitive.  In this study, a System
   Dynamics (SD) model was developed using Vensim software (10.2.2) to simulate
   interactions between automakers, government policies, and consumer
   behaviors.  The results show that the NEV mandate policy significantly
   boosts NEV sales, with projections indicating that NEV sales will reach 15
   million units by 2030, accounting for 55% of the passenger vehicle market.
   Additionally, the study finds that tightening NEV credits standards and
   increasing the NEV credit proportion requirements can further enhance market
   growth, with stricter measures post-2023 being crucial to achieving a 50%
   market share.  In contrast, under a scenario where the dual-credits policy
   ends in 2024, the NEV market share would still grow but would fall short of
   the 50% target by 2030. The findings suggest that stronger policy measures
   will be essential to maintain long-term market momentum.
DE new energy vehicle mandate policy; dual-credits policy; system dynamics
   model; automobile market; policy impact; policy trend
ID electric vehicles; us

---

UT 389
AR Duan W, 2021, ADV PROD ENG MANAG, V16, P5, DOI 10.14743/apem2021.1.381
TI Analysis of the impact of COVID-19 on the coupling of the material flow and
   capital flow in a closed-loop supply chain
AU Duan W; Ma H; Xu DS
TC 20
SO ADV PROD ENG MANAG
PY 2021
AB The complex and changeable external social and economic environment has a
   significant impact on the sustainable development of the closed-loop supply
   chain.  In particular, the occurrence of uncertain emergencies increases the
   risk of interruption of the closed-loop supply chain, making it insufficient
   to analyze its complex changes from the perspective of material flow alone.
   Based on this analysis, the paper constructs a closed-loop supply chain
   material flow and capital flow coupling system composed of manufacturers,
   sellers and recyclers to explore the impact of material flow sudden
   interruption on the closed-loop supply chain system when an uncertain
   emergency occurs.  In this paper, based on the closed-loop supply chain
   system coupled with logistics and capital flow, a system dynamics simulation
   model was established by using Vensim simulation software to analyze the
   impact of COVID-19 epidemic on manufacturers, sellers and recyclers under
   five scenarios.  The results show that when COVID-19 outbreaks occur, the
   material flow of each main enterprise in the closed-loop supply chain is
   more easily influenced than the capital flow.  At the same time, it can be
   found that the recyclers in the main enterprises of the closed-loop supply
   chain are more easily influenced by the material flow.  The model
   constructed in this paper has applicability and can be used for related
   studies of closed-loop supply chain under other emergencies, but the scene
   design should be carried out according to the characteristics of emergencies
   themselves.
DE covid-19 epidemic; supply chain; closed-loop supply chain; material flow;
   capital flow; material-capital flows coupling; system dynamics; simulation;
   vensim simulation software

---

UT 390
AR [Anonymous], 2013, INT J MIN SCI TECHNOL, V23, P879, DOI
   10.1016/j.ijmst.2013.11.001
TI System dynamics model of the support-surrounding rock system in fully
   mechanized mining with large mining height face and its application
TC 17
SO INT J MIN SCI TECHNOL
PY 2013
AB Fully mechanized mining with large mining height (FMMLMH) is widely used in
   thick coal seam mining face for its higher recovery ratio, especially where
   the thickness is less than 7.0 m.  However, because of the great mining
   height and intense rock pressure, the coal wall rib spalling, roof falling
   and the instability of support occur more likely in FMMLMH working face, and
   the above three types of disasters interact with each other with complicated
   relationships.  In order to get the relationship between each two of coal
   wall, roof, floor and support, and reduce the occurrence probability of the
   three types of disasters, we established the system dynamics (SD) model of
   the support-surrounding rock system which is composed of "coal wall-roof-
   floor-support'' (CW-R-F-S) in a FMMLMH working face based on the condition
   of No.  15104 working face in Sijiazhuang coal mine.  With the software of
   Vensim, we also simulated the interaction process between each two factors
   of roof, floor, coal wall and the support.  The results show that the SD
   model of "CW-R-F-S'' system can reveal the complicated and interactive
   relationship clearly between the support and surrounding rock in the FMMLMH
   working face.  By increasing the advancing speed of working face, the
   support resistance or the length of support guard, or by decreasing the tip-
   to-face distance, the stability of "CW-R-F-S'' system will be higher and the
   happening probability of the disasters such as coal wall rib spalling, roof
   falling or the instability of support will be lower.  These research
   findings have been testified in field application in No.  15104 working
   face, which can provide a new approach for researching the interaction
   relationship of support and surrounding rock.  (C) 2013 Published by
   Elsevier B.V. on behalf of China University of Mining & Technology.
DE fmmlmh; support-surrounding rock system; sd model; disaster control;
   simulation analysis

---

UT 391
AR Wong JJ, 2014, J MANIP PHYSIOL THER, V37, P7, DOI 10.1016/j.jmpt.2013.07.009
TI EXAMINATION OF THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THEORY-DRIVEN POLICIES AND ALLOWED
   LOST-TIME BACK CLAIMS IN WORKERS' COMPENSATION: A SYSTEM DYNAMICS MODEL
AU Wong JJ; McGregor M; Mior SA; Loisel P
TC 6
SO J MANIP PHYSIOL THER
PY 2014
AB Objective: The purpose of this study was to develop a model that evaluates
   the impact of policy changes on the number of workers' compensation lost-
   time back claims in Ontario, Canada, over a 30-year timeframe.  The model
   was used to test the hypothesis that a theory-and policy-driven model would
   be sufficient in reproducing historical claims data in a robust manner and
   that policy changes would have a major impact on modeled data.  Methods: The
   model was developed using system dynamics methods in the Vensim simulation
   program.  The theoretical effects of policies for compensation benefit
   levels and experience rating fees were modeled.  The model was built and
   validated using historical claims data from 1980 to 2009. Sensitivity
   analysis was used to evaluate the modeled data at extreme end points of
   variable input and timeframes.  The degree of predictive value of the
   modeled data was measured by the coefficient of determination, root mean
   square error, and Theil's inequality coefficients.  Results: Correlation
   between modeled data and actual data was found to be meaningful (R-2 =
   0.934), and the modeled data were stable at extreme end points.  Among the
   effects explored, policy changes were found to be relatively minor drivers
   of back claims data, accounting for a 13% improvement in error.  Simulation
   results suggested that unemployment, number of no-lost-time claims, number
   of injuries per worker, and recovery rate from back injuries outside of
   claims management to be sensitive drivers of back claims data.  Conclusion:
   Arobust systems-based model was developed and tested for use in future
   policy research in Ontario's workers' compensation.  The study findings
   suggest that certain areas within and outside the workers' compensation
   system need to be considered when evaluating and changing policies around
   back claims.
DE workers compensation; back-pain; policy; economics; nonlinear models
ID prognostic-factors; injured workers; public-health; risk-factors; sick-
   leave; pain; return; disability; intervention; insurance

---

UT 392
AR Tranoulidis A, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16167196
TI Quantifying the Impact of Coal Transition on GDP Growth through System
   Dynamics: The Case of the Region of Western Macedonia, Greece
AU Tranoulidis A; Sotiropoulou REP; Bithas K; Tagaris E
TC 1
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB The transition from coal to more sustainable energy sources represents a
   critical shift for economies reliant on coal production.  To investigate the
   intricate processes involved in such a transition, the use of powerful
   analytical tools is essential.  This study assesses the impact of the
   delignification process on GDP growth over a 20-year horizon (2015-2035) in
   the Region of Western Macedonia, Greece, using the Vensim PLE Plus 9.0.1
   software, a robust tool for system dynamics modeling.  By developing a
   dynamic model that captures the key variables and feedback loops associated
   with coal transition, this research examines economic, social, and
   investment variables, emphasizing their causal relationships.  The study
   integrates societal, economic, and educational impacts on production
   transition, addressing issues such as unemployment, financial support, and
   investments in human resources and R&D. Additionally, it considers the
   influence of climate change on GDP. The model highlights population
   dynamics, economic development, and education as critical factors.
   Scenarios explore the impact of increased funding on education, research,
   and financial aid efficiency, providing insights into enhancing GDP in
   decarbonizing regions.  The study reveals that increased investment in
   education and human capital leads to slight improvements in local GDP,
   though the effects are not immediate.  Enhanced efficiency in government and
   European spending significantly boosts local GDP by creating strong value
   chains and local economies of scale.  It is found that the increase in
   financial support to the regions in transition is of the utmost importance
   and has a multiplicative nature, something that should encourage the
   European Union to increase its financial support tools.  The model's
   simulations align closely with historical GDP data, validating its accuracy.
   The contributions of the present work offer valuable insights to
   policymakers and stakeholders engaged in the transition processes.
DE gdp; system dynamic; coal transition; development system
ID renewable energy; economic-growth; perspective; model; performance;
   simulation

---

UT 393
AR Bafkar A, 2022, J AGRIC SCI TECHNOL, V24, P707
TI Determination of Optimal Irrigation Water Supply Scenario for Karkheh Dam to
   Prevent Drainage Problems of Dashte Abbas Plain Using System Dynamics
   Approach
AU Bafkar A; Alizadeh H; Mozafari J
TC 0
SO J AGRIC SCI TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB Dashte Abbas is one of the fertile plains of the Ilam Province situated in
   the southwest of Iran, where water resources are scarce, and often the
   quality of water is not suitable for agricultural uses.  To solve the
   problem of water scarcity, the Karkheh-Dashte Abbas inter-basin water
   transfer project started operation in 2008. The objective of this study was
   to investigate the effects of different agricultural water management
   scenarios on the environmental and economic conditions in the Dashte Abbas
   using the System Dynamics (SD) approach.  The conceptual model was
   considered based on five sub-models, including water demand, water supply,
   environmental stresses, environment, and water economics.  The evaluated
   water transfer scenarios were allocation of 160, 170, 180, 200 Million Cubic
   Meters (MCM) water transferred from the Karkheh Dam and 90, 80, 70, and 60
   MCM annual groundwater withdrawal from the aquifer, respectively.  The
   results showed that in all scenarios, water transfer increased groundwater
   level, decreased groundwater quality, reduced soil aeration and drainage,
   increased salinity of root zone and, consequently, reduced agricultural
   production in the plain.  The results of the SD model demonstrate that the
   need for drainage is reduced with increasing groundwater consumption.  The
   alternative cropping systems with higher water requirements, including
   forage crops and sugar beet, may be helpful to reduce drainage problems and
   to prevent construction of an underground drainage system.  The results also
   confirmed that with the implementation of the first water allocation
   scenario (allocation of annual 160 MCM surface water transfer and annual 90
   MCM of groundwater withdrawal) and cultivation of higher water requirement
   crops can reduce the rise in groundwater level and drainage problems.  In
   these conditions, the water table remains almost constant at a depth of 10
   meters.
DE conceptual model; water economics; vensim software
ID model; management; crop

---

UT 394
AR Chai NJ, 2022, TRANSP POLIC, V125, P267, DOI 10.1016/j.tranpol.2022.05.002
TI Safety evaluation of urban rail transit operation considering uncertainty
   and risk preference: A case study in China
AU Chai NJ; Zhou WL; Hu XL
TC 20
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2022
AB Safety evaluation of urban rail transit (URT) operation can not only have a
   great impact on passenger travel options, but is also related to planning of
   urban development.  The evaluation results of URT operational safety are
   important for transit operators and passengers.  In this study, we develop
   an integrated multi-stage evaluation framework to assess URT operation from
   the perspective of safety, which considers information uncertainty of key
   influence factors (KIFs), and risk preference of decision-makers (DMs).
   Firstly, to identify and select KIFs, this study makes systematic analysis
   of impacts on URT operational safety from five aspects: passengers,
   management, equipment, environment, and disaster respectively.  Vensim
   software is used to build a stock flow model based on system dynamics
   method, and a two-level index system for assessing URT operational safety is
   established.  Secondly, DMs' weights are specified based on interval valued
   triangular fuzzy (IVTF)-TOPSIS method, and IVTF-AHP-entropy is introduced to
   determine the combined weight of each indicator.  Thirdly, an Sshaped
   utility function under IVTF environment is developed to get the ranking
   order of research objects, and operational safety levels are determined
   based on cloud model.  Finally, Changsha subway network is selected as a
   case study to test our proposed evaluation framework, and some related
   suggestions for operators and managers have been put forward in the future.
DE urban rail transit; operational safety evaluation; ivtf-topsis; ivtf-ahp-
   entropy; s-shaped utility function; cloud model
ID system dynamics; fuzzy-ahp; metro construction; assessment model; combined
   weights; management; selection; entropy; topsis; prioritization

---

UT 395
AR Li CZ, 2017, J CLEAN PROD, V153, P692, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2016.11.028
TI Schedule risk modeling in prefabrication housing production
AU Li CZ; Shen GQ; Xu XX; Xue F; Sommer L; Luo LZ
TC 79
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2017
AB Every country is dealing with its own housing problems; however, none
   compares with Hong Kong where housing has always been a major concern as a
   result of low supply over the past decades.  Against the constraints in
   delivering sufficient houses, prefabrication as a sustainable solution for
   housing has been increasingly advocated for its potential merits of better
   quality, construction safety and cleaner built environment.  However,
   schedule delay caused by various risks affected the prefabrication housing
   production (PHP) in Hong Kong.  This problem can be further worsened when
   the manufacturing sector of PHP has entirely moved to offshore areas in the
   Pearl River Delta region.  This study applies system dynamics to recognize
   and investigate the potential effect of various risks on the scheduling of
   prefabrication housing construction projects through the employment of
   Vensim software package.  The simulation results show that schedule risks,
   namely low information interoperability between different enterprise
   resource planning systems (LIIBDERPS), logistics information inconsistency
   due to human errors probability (LIIHEP), Delay of delivery of precast
   element to site (DDPES), and Design information gap between designer and
   manufacturer (DIGDM) significantly contribute to the schedule delay in PHP.
   However, schedule is more sensitive toward LIIBDERPS than for the other
   three risks, indicating that LIIBDERPS should be monitored and given
   priority.  The system dynamic model serves as an effective tool for
   quantitatively evaluating the effect of various risks on the schedule of
   PHP, offering valuable references for managers though comparing simulation
   results under different risk scenarios, so that potential risks that might
   lead to schedule delay could be identified and handled in advance.  (C) 2016
   Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE schedule risk management; prefabrication housing production; system
   dynamcis; hong-kong
ID system dynamics model; construction waste management; supply chain; hong-
   kong; reduction; performance; components

---

UT 396
AR Williams A, 2009, J ENV MANAG, V90, P471, DOI 10.1016/j.jenvman.2007.11.005
TI A dynamic simulation based water resources education tool
AU Williams A; Lansey K; Washburne J
TC 18
SO J ENV MANAG
PY 2009
AB Educational tools to assist the Public in recognizing impacts of water
   policy in a realistic context are not generally available.  This project
   developed systems with modeling-based educational decision Support
   simulation tools to satisfy this need.  The goal of this model is to teach
   undergraduate Students and the general public about the implications of
   common water management alternatives so that they can better understand or
   become involved in water policy and make more knowledgeable personal or
   community decisions.  The model is based on Powersim, a dynamic simulation
   software package capable of producing web-accessible, intuitive, graphic,
   user-friendly interfaces.  Modules are included to represent.  residential,
   agricultural, industrial, and turf uses, its well as non-market values,
   water quality, reservoir, flow, and climate conditions.  Supplementary
   materials emphasize important concepts and lead learners through the model,
   culminating in an open-ended water management project.  The model is used in
   a University of Arizona undergraduate class and within the Arizona Master
   Watershed Stewards Program.  Evaluation results demonstrated improved
   understanding of concepts and system interactions, fulfilling the project's
   objectives.  (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE water resources; education; modeling; dynamic simulation; sustainability
ID system dynamics

---

UT 397
AR Gao LH, 2025, ECOL ECON, V228, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2024.108451
TI Effect simulation and local adaptation of multi-agent collaborative
   governance in marine eco-economic systems: Evidence from China
AU Gao LH; Gao K; Sun WW; Zhang Y/1; Zhang RP; Zhang LX
TC 2
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2025
AB The government's unitary management of marine eco-economic systems has
   several drawbacks, underscoring the urgency of exploring the effectiveness
   and feasibility of a multi-agent collaborative governance model.  In this
   study, we developed a simulation model based on statistical and survey data
   to examine the effectiveness of multi-agent collaborative governance in
   marine eco-economic systems.  Using the data simulation function of system
   dynamics (SD) Vensim PLE, we verified the input parameters, income
   variables, behavior probability, and governance outcomes for five types of
   stakeholders in marine governance, finding that: (1) In a multi-agent the
   governance framework, arbitrarily increasing the participation probability
   of one stakeholder type tends to lead to the involvement of two or more
   types.  This leads to the establishment of a compact multi-agent
   collaborative governance model, significantly enhancing both participation
   and fairness of governance compared to the traditional government-centric
   model.  (2) Regardless of which parameter is optimized, the multi-agent
   collaborative governance model can improve the performance of marine eco-
   economic systems.  This governance model is more conducive to the
   coordinated, healthy, and sustainable development of marine eco-economic
   system.  (3) By calculating the degree of alignment between stakeholders
   (central government, local government, sea-related producers, sea-related
   consumers, and coastal communities) across 11 coastal provinces and cities
   in China, this study identified one or more types of multi-agent
   collaborative governance models, proving the feasibility of this approach.
   (4) While collaborative governance models led by five different entities
   have their unique advantages and disadvantages, further strengthening
   relationships and cooperation among these stakeholders is essential for
   advancing the maturity and effectiveness of the multi-agent governance
   model.
DE marine eco-economic system; multi-agent collaborative governance; sd (
   system dynamics ) simulation; governance effect; coastal provinces and
   cities in china
ID water resources; participation; management

---

UT 398
AR Liu HM, 2021, ENG CONSTR ARCHIT MA, V28, P681, DOI 10.1108/ECAM-01-2020-0077
TI A system dynamic approach for simulation of a knowledge transfer model of
   heterogeneous senders in mega project innovation
AU Liu HM; Yu YR; Sun YX; Yan X
TC 38
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2021
AB Purpose The owners of mega projects typically assemble multiple academic
   research units and enterprises to form an innovation alliance, which carries
   out knowledge transfer and knowledge creation targeting technical challenges
   in the process of engineering construction.  Due to high technical and
   management complexity of mega projects, factors affecting knowledge transfer
   among innovation subjects are complex and diverse.  This study proposes a
   mixed system dynamics (SD) method to build and simulate the process of
   knowledge transfer in mega projects innovation and analyzes the driving
   mechanism that enhances knowledge stock of enterprises and engineering
   innovation results.  Design/methodology/approach First, this paper proposes
   a conceptual model for knowledge transfer in mega projects by adopting event
   analysis of the data gained from investigations and interviews.  Then, a
   qualitative model of knowledge transfer that considers mutual influences of
   the owner, academic research unit and enterprises is developed.  Based on
   that, mathematical relationship among variables of the qualitative model is
   determined and a quantitative model of knowledge transfer that considers
   heterogeneity of knowledge sender is built.  Finally, simulation is achieved
   using Vensim software.  Findings The factors affecting knowledge stock of
   enterprises are analyzed from three aspects: (1) the individual motives and
   capability of academic research units and enterprises; (2) the gap between
   academic research units and enterprises; (3) the heterogeneity of academic
   research units.  The results show that the willingness and capability of
   knowledge reception by enterprises, specific knowledge transfer context such
   as relational distance and organization distance between academic research
   units and enterprises and academic research units with high knowledge stock
   have key influences on the knowledge stock of enterprises.  Research
   limitations/implications Factors affecting knowledge transfer within the
   alliance of innovation in mega projects and their correlations are highly
   complicated and difficult to determine.  Despite massive investigations and
   interviews on many long-span bridges in China in this study, it is barely
   possible to directly obtain accurate data for all variables in the model.
   Limitations of historical data result in limitations on applications of the
   proposed model.  Practical implications By building the mega projects
   knowledge transfer model and conducting simulation analysis, this paper has
   generated practical values for the owners of mega projects on fostering,
   organizing, coordinating and managing of innovations.  Especially, this
   study provides specific strategies and suggestions on selection of
   innovation subjects, motivation and guaranteed efficiency of knowledge
   transfer and knowledge creation of academic research units and enterprises.
   Originality/value This study proposes a conceptual model for factors
   affecting knowledge transfer that applies to innovations in mega project
   context, which fills the gap in the research of knowledge management in mega
   project innovations.  Additionally, combining with the method of SD, the
   unique role of owner in knowledge transfer of mega projects and the
   differences among various knowledge senders and their influences on
   knowledge stocks of enterprises are thoroughly considered, and the research
   method of modeling and simulation of knowledge transfer mechanism is
   supplemented and extended.
DE innovations in mega projects; knowledge transfers; influencing factors;
   partner heterogeneity; driving mechanism; system dynamics
ID management; technology; challenges

---

UT 399
AR Barati K, 2020, J AGRIC SCI TECHNOL, V22, P1397
TI Cropping Pattern Optimization Using System Dynamics Approach and Multi-
   Objective Mathematical Programming
AU Barati K; Koupai JA; Darvishi E; Azari A; Yousefi A
TC 10
SO J AGRIC SCI TECHNOL
PY 2020
AB To determine the optimum cropping pattern for Kermanshah Plain, Iran, a
   dynamic model was developed in Vensim PRO x32 software to simulate the
   actual situation in the region.  Stochastic simulation of time series method
   was used to predict the values of climate parameters in the future.  After
   ensuring the performance of the dynamic model as well as time series model,
   optimization process of crop pattern was performed using the existing
   optimization tool in Vensim PRO x32 software in addition to multi objective
   mathematical programming approach by Powell method in three different
   scenarios.  The objective functions included maximizing the economic benefit
   for farmers and minimizing the extracted water from aquifer.  The results
   showed that ratio of the gained benefit to the amount of water extracted
   from the wells in optimized conditions was always higher than the current
   conditions.  The value of this ratio for the three scenarios was 1.23, 0.89,
   and 0.94, respectively, which in all three scenarios were higher than the
   current value (0.68). The results showed that in the scenario in which
   changes in the crop coefficients of all crops are possible, in order to
   optimize the cropping pattern, the area allocated to wheat, barley, grain
   and forage maize, tomato, clover, and onion should be decreased in the
   current cropping pattern.  Furthermore, the results of optimization
   indicated an increase in the area under cultivation of saffron, rose,
   greenhouse, medicinal plants, and olive, compared to the current conditions.
DE objective functions; optimizer tool; powell method; vensim pro x32
ID water; allocation; model

---

UT 400
AR Agudelo RAM, 2023, ING COMPET, V25, DOI 10.25100/iyc.v25i3.12555
TI Dynamic analysis of employment resilience under a health emergency
   environment in a developing country
AU Agudelo RAM; Peña-Orozco DL/1; Paredes-Rodríguez AM/1; Feliú JG
TC 0
SO ING COMPET
PY 2023
AB Simulation results on the employment resilience under a health emergency
   environment in Colombia South America are presented.  The system is
   characterized by identifying the different relevant variables which are
   reflected in the causal and Forrester diagrams simulated through the VENSIM
   PLE x64 program.  Results show a resilient in the employment variable
   behaviour in terms of entrepreneurship and new companies generation, which
   reflects a potential economic development in the country under an
   uncertainty scenario.  On the other hand, model accuracy is influenced by
   indicators changes along simulation time included in the analysis.  Finally,
   it is concluded that the employment behaviour under the health emergency
   panorama is fluctuating but tends to increase in the last months in the time
   horizon simulation.  However, it is highlighted that this situation can take
   another path if decision making is not adequate.
DE systems dynamics; resilience; employment; entrepreneurship generation;
   covid-19
ID covid-19

---

UT 401
AR Ataeipoor S, 2016, INT J ADV BIOTECHNOL RES, V7, P1718
TI Modeling Health Insurance Services by Suppliers
AU Ataeipoor S; Kabir MJ; Ghanbartehrani N; Izadbakhsh H
TC 0
SO INT J ADV BIOTECHNOL RES
PY 2016
AB Developing effective strategies and policies for continuation of health
   insurance requires a proper and comprehensive understanding of health
   insurance system and related risks.  The health system, including the most
   complex systems in terms of design and engineering.  These complexity
   system, in diversity of services, customers and suppliers requires the
   application of system simulation and modeling in the macro scale.
   Obviously, this system if the data are sufficient and has a confidence level
   of simulation accuracy is largely increased.  This paper developed main loop
   causal diagrams of risks affecting health system infrastructures in VENSIM
   software using systemic approach and semi-structured interview with experts
   to provide an appropriate background to achieve a better understanding of
   factors influencing health promotion in developing countries, such as Iran.
   Then role and function of health insurances and management strategies of
   potential risks have been provided.  Using world health organization
   systemic framework consisting of six building blocks including service
   delivery, health workforces, health information, products, vaccines and
   medical technology, financing, leadership and governance, identified risk
   sources were classified in 16 groups and effective loops of service delivery
   block were described.  Diagrams developed in this paper can be a great help
   for researchers, managers, policy-makers and decision-makers to achieve a
   proper understanding and pathology in order to organize effective policies.
   The developed conceptual model can be used to create systemic quantitative
   models in this field.
DE system dynamics; risk; health insurance; causal loops

---

UT 402
AR Esmaeili E, 2019, INT J SYST ASSUR ENG, V10, P201, DOI
   10.1007/s13198-018-0754-5
TI Analyzing the productivity of maintenance systems using system dynamics
   modeling method
AU Esmaeili E; Karimian H; Bisheh MN
TC 8
SO INT J SYST ASSUR ENG MANAG
PY 2019
AB Achievement of industries in production and offering products depends on
   different factors like having an appropriate maintenance system.  This issue
   should be reached through the most appropriate and practical methods.  In
   this study, based on how the external parameters would influence the
   productivity of a maintenance system the researcher aims at designing a
   dynamic system model to analyze the productivity of a maintenance system
   using acquired information from a car device company by determination of the
   percentage of parameters and indexes and their influence on maintenance
   system productivity.  The proposed model is simulated for a system with
   parameters of precise value according to fixed and variable maintenance
   policies which the results are represented.  The results of different
   policies described by using computerized simulation of the prepared model on
   VENSIM software.  The time horizon of the systems can be considered from
   several years to several decades.  This research considered 12weeks for
   analyzing the system.  This time was specified by consultation with experts
   in the first session of modeling.  In such environment a model of
   productivity evaluation and operation of maintenance seems required that in
   this research by analyzing influential factors on maintenance system
   productivity of a factory and by means of acquired samples, it was possible
   to measure the ratio of maintenance system operation condition according to
   the posed indexes and their influences on productivity operation.  This
   situation shows that to the extent that positive indexes in the diagram are
   higher to the same extent maintenance system productivity of company
   increases.
DE dynamic modeling; maintenance system; productivity; rate and state variables
ID optimization

---

UT 403
AR Babolhakami A, 2023, AQUA, V72, P1115, DOI 10.2166/aqua.2023.193
TI Application of system dynamics model for reservoir performance under future
   climatic scenarios; Gelevard Dam, Iran
AU Babolhakami A; Sefidkouhi MAG; Emadi A
TC 4
SO AQUA
PY 2023
AB This study aimed to investigate the effects of climate change scenarios on
   five indicators: reliability, vulnerability, resilience, sustainability, and
   the deficiency of the Gelevard Dam (GD) in Iran.  Downscaling was performed
   from 2020 to 2040 in the future using the output of the Can Ems2-GCM based
   on different climate scenarios and employing the support vector machines.
   The IHACRES model was used to simulate the inflow of GD. The cultivation
   pattern optimization function was performed by utilizing the LINGO software.
   Similarly, the flow-storage model was created using Vensim software.  The
   results demonstrated the reduction of inflow by 15, 36, and 37% during
   RCP2.6, RCP4.5, and RCP8.5 scenarios, respectively.  The results showed that
   if the optimal cultivation pattern (OCP) were to be applied, during
   different climatic scenarios, water supply would not be difficult in the
   next 11, 5, and 4 years, respectively, yet after that, water shortage would
   gradually appear.  The findings concluded that although the implementation
   of OCP would improve the five indicators in all water consumption sectors,
   the GD reservoir would not be able to answer the demands in the future.
   Therefore, it would be necessary to implement practices to increase water
   productivity in all sectors.
DE ihacres; neka basin; optimization; vensim
ID water resources management

---

UT 404
AR Chen XY, 2025, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V32, P5099, DOI
   10.1108/ECAM-07-2023-0738
TI Improving collaborative innovation performance in megaprojects: a system
   dynamic approach
AU Chen XY; Zhu WA; Chen YJ; He QH
TC 7
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2025
AB PurposeThe development and evolution of stakeholder collaborative innovation
   in megaprojects is impacted by various influencing factors.  The effect of
   influencing factors on collaborative innovation performance (CIP) in
   megaprojects is not a simplistic linear relationship but an iterative and
   non-linear relationship that requires a dynamic perspective to analyze.
   Therefore, this paper adopts the system dynamic (SD) approach to investigate
   the dynamic and interactive relationships between the CIP and the
   influencing factors.Design/methodology/approachThe study first develops a
   research framework with the system boundary of "CIP system - organizational
   collaboration subsystem - knowledge collaboration subsystem - strategic
   collaboration subsystem". Then, the causal relationship model, the stock-
   flow model, and the mathematical equations were determined based on the
   literature review and the expert interviews.  Finally, five performance
   improvement scenarios were designed according to the practice context of CIP
   in megaprojects, and simulations were performed using the Vensim PLE
   software to investigate the CIP from a dynamic perspective.FindingsThe
   findings reveal that the effect of different influencing factors on CIP
   grows non-linearly, with the cumulative effect becoming more pronounced as
   time advances.  The incentive mechanism has the most significant effect, and
   the combined effect of multiple influencing factors has a highly significant
   facilitating effect on improving CIP. Strategic collaboration,
   organizational collaboration and knowledge collaboration are mutually
   conditional and reinforcing with each other, which ultimately promotes the
   improvement of CIP.Originality/valueThis study uncovers the inherent pattern
   and the interactive dynamic mechanism of factors for improving CIP in the
   context of megaprojects.  It enriches the theoretical research in the area
   of collaborative innovation in megaprojects and provides practical
   management strategies for improving CIP.
DE collaborative innovation performance; megaproject; influencing factors;
   system dynamics
ID organizational innovation; construction; impact; motivations; complexity;
   projects

---

UT 405
AR Cho M, 2018, INT J GRID DISTRIB COMPUT, V11, P1, DOI
   10.14257/ijgdc.2018.11.4.01
TI Response Analysis Model of Social Networks using Fuzzy Sets and System
   Dynamics
AU Cho M
TC 0
SO INT J GRID DISTRIB COMPUT
PY 2018
AB Research on social network is an important topic in social science.  A
   social network is a realistic environment with both network and
   interconnection characteristics.  This study presents a simulation model of
   how each node responds to specific inputs (ex.  Incentives) to the social
   networks.  In addition, when the setting value of a specific node is changed
   while simulation is performed, the reaction of the related nodes can be
   checked in real time.  The simulation model is made by considering various
   environments such as unidirectional, fuzzy set, weighting, and cyclic
   feedback, so this model can be applied in a complex environment of practical
   work.  Finally, since the simulation model needs to analyze the node
   response to repetitive input and the relation of each node, we implemented
   it using Vensim rather than NetLogo.
DE social science; system dynamic; social network; simulation; feedback

---

UT 406
AR Mishra MK, 2015, RENEW SUST ENERG REV, V51, P101, DOI
   10.1016/j.rser.2015.05.075
TI Small hydro power in India: Current status and future perspectives
AU Mishra MK; Khare N; Agrawal AB
TC 45
SO RENEW SUST ENERG REV
PY 2015
AB The objective of this study is to comprehensively review the current status
   of small hydro power development in India and develop scenarios of growth.
   Potential and installed capacity, technological status, policy and
   regulatory support to small hydro power and the whole process of developing
   a small hydro power plant have been comprehensively reviewed.  Major
   barriers in the growth of the small hydro power development have been
   identified.  In India, plants with an installed capacity of up to 25 MW are
   considered as small hydro power plants, and Ministry of New and Renewable
   Energy of Government of India has been vested with the responsibility of
   developing this sector.  Considerable growth in the development of small
   hydro power has been witnessed in the recent past; however, nearly three-
   quarters of the total identified potential of 20,000 MW is yet to be tapped.
   The country aims at harnessing at least half of the potential in the next 10
   years.  Future growth scenarios of small hydro power up to 2050 have been
   developed using Vensim DSS package.  Model simulation indicates that with
   the current rate of capacity addition, the country will not be able to fully
   exploit small hydro power potential even by 2050. Hence, the country must
   make all attempts to accelerate the growth of the small hydro power because
   it has significant potential to contribute to energy poverty alleviation in
   rural and remotes areas.  A sensitivity analysis has been carried out to
   investigate the effect of different parameters on the cost of small hydro
   power generation.  (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE small hydro power; renewable energy; electricity; india; system dynamics
ID renewable energy; sustainable energy; remote areas; technology; turbines;
   projects; policies; systems

---

UT 407
AR Kamath V, 2019, COGENT ECON FINANC, V7, DOI 10.1080/23322039.2019.1622172
TI A Participatory Systems Mapping (PSM) based approach towards analysis of
   business sustainability of rural Indian milk dairies
AU Kamath V; Biju S; Kamath GB
TC 2
SO COGENT ECON FINANC
PY 2019
AB Drawing from the theories of Participatory Systems Mapping (PSM) this study
   presents an approach to analysing the business sustainability of
   entrepreneurial dairy ventures in India.  The article begins with a general
   introduction to the small and medium scale dairy ventures in rural India,
   highlighting the prominent issues and challenges faced by the stakeholders.
   The second part demonstrates the use of the PSM framework in developing the
   Stock and flow diagram (SFD). Further, data from a local milk dairy is
   collected, and simulations are carried out between 2017-2025 using Vensim
   (R). The outputs are analysed, and inferences are made.  This study is
   expected to enable the policy makers towards the development of sustainable
   strategies for dairy businesses in general and enable the entrepreneur to
   analyse the future trends of the potential strategies under his
   consideration.
DE participatory systems mapping; entrepreneurship; milk dairy; system
   dynamics; simulations
ID dynamics

---

UT 408
AR Sirajuddin S, 2025, INDONES J SUSTAIN ACC MANAG, V9, P270, DOI
   10.20448/ijsam.v9i1.7273
TI Integrated Circular Farming and Supply Chain for Rural Economic Community
   Resilience
AU Sirajuddin S; Sutisna T; Hilal S; Ridwan A; Nasifah A
TC 0
SO INDONES J SUSTAIN ACC MANAG
PY 2025
AB Establishing a sustainable economy to ensure food security in rural
   communities presents a significant challenge amid global economic
   instability and the threat of a food crisis.  Integrated supply chains and
   circular economy models have emerged as strategies to enhance economic
   resilience.  However, their application in rural agricultural communities is
   still limited.  This study addresses this gap by developing an integrated
   supply chain and circular economy principles to strengthen the economic
   resilience of rural communities.  Using a system thinking approach and
   Powersim software, the study simulates and quantifies the model's impact.
   Simulation results show that 1 hectare can produce 45,300 kg of sorghum per
   harvest, or 122,310 kg/year.  This output can produce 13,590 kg of sorghum
   grain, 110,079 kg of silage, 44,032 kg of manure, and 30,822 kg of organic
   fertilizer.  The integrated system generates gross annual revenues of
   $38,240 and incurs $26,243 in operating costs, resulting in a yearly net
   profit of $11,996. Financial analysis reveals a net present value (NPV) of
   $124 in the third year, a 10% internal rate of return (IRR), and a payback
   period (PBP) of 2.48 years.  These findings highlight the potential of
   integrated agricultural systems in promoting rural economic resilience and
   sustainable farming practices.
DE sustainable agriculture; system dynamics; circular supply chain; rural
   economic
ID performance

---

UT 409
AR Nikabadi MS, 2018, INT J SYST DYN APPL, V7, P55, DOI
   10.4018/IJSDA.2018040104
TI E-Waste Recycling System in Closed Loop Supply Chain
AU Nikabadi MS; Hajihoseinali A
TC 4
SO INT J SYST DYN APPL
PY 2018
AB This article describes how technology growth and the lifecycle of devices
   and also other tendencies for buying new devices all cause a huge mass of
   electronic waste.  Due to materials used in production which are dangerous
   or valuable metals, the environmental aspects and natural resources make
   electronic waste management and electronic waste recycling a pressing
   subject.  This article studies electronic waste recycling and its importance
   in research of closed loop supply chain management and the impact of
   electronic waste recycling.  Using structural equation modelling to study
   the factors, data was collected from 120 expert questionnaires and analyzed
   by SPSS and SmartPLS. Causal relationships among the studied factors and
   efficacy coefficients of each factor were identified by the fuzzy DEMATEL
   technique.  Finally, the dynamic model was plotted by VENSIM.
DE closed-loop supply chain; e-waste; recycling; system dynamics
ID reverse logistics; electronic equipment; informal sector; mobile phones;
   dynamics; management; quality; metals; infrastructure; technology

---

UT 410
AR Jurjevic M, 2010, NASE, V57, P121
TI An Approach to the Analysis of Dynamic Characteristics of Marine Diesel
   Engine Cooling System
AU Jurjevic M; Jurjevic N; Milic-Beran I
TC 0
SO NASE
PY 2010
AB The modern approach of the exploration of dynamic characteristic of elements
   or system of some device has been enabled by system dynamics.  System
   dynamics is an excellent software system for studying the dynamic of the
   behaviour of natural, technical and societal realities i.e.  system of
   various natures and features in which there exist relatively high analogy
   rate.  The methodology of its work, including even the use of digital
   computers has shown to be an efficient mean for solving the problems:
   management, behaviour, sensitivity, flexibility and studying of dynamics of
   the behaviour of the systems of high complexity by computer simulation, in
   laboratory what means without danger for the realities observed.  For the
   usage of system dynamics in the solution of complex problems, various
   complex knowledge from various scientific disciplines are required, but good
   knowledge of the nature of the problem itself, which is being analyzed.  The
   paper has analyzed dynamic characteristic of cooling system in marine diesel
   engines by means of system dynamics.  The cooling system of propulsion of
   MDE is a complex system onto which various disorders act and due to their
   changeable act result into the changes of working temperature of MDE. System
   dynamic approach in the analysis of MDE enable us to obtain the answer to
   the question "What if..." in other words we arrive at the solution what the
   reaction would be at the changes of any variable in the cooling system.  The
   paper has shown: dynamic and static regime of work, mathematic model of the
   cooling system of MDE, simulation model in POWERSIM programme language and
   diagrams of the flows of water.
DE simulation; diesel engine propulsion; cooling system

---

UT 411
AR Ríos-Ocampo J, 2022, SYST DYN REV, V38, P354, DOI 10.1002/sdr.1718
TI Using analytical equations to represent nonlinear relationships1
AU Ríos-Ocampo J; Gary MS
TC 3
SO SYST DYN REV
PY 2022
AB Table functions, also referred to as graphical functions, provide a powerful
   and user-friendly way to represent nonlinear relationships between variables
   in system dynamics (SD) models.  However, in many cases modelers may benefit
   from using analytical equations to represent nonlinear relationships for
   model sensitivity testing and also for communicating with researchers in
   other fields and disciplines.  We propose six analytical equations that can
   be used to represent many of the nonlinear relationships commonly formulated
   using table functions in SD models.  Specifically, this article provides
   guidance on using the generalized logistic function, the exponential
   function, the modified exponential function, the quadratic function, the
   logarithmic function and the power function to replace existing table
   functions.  Importantly, we also present a version of each equation that
   includes an interior reference point.  We demonstrate how to apply these
   analytical equations in SD models by replacing the table functions in the
   original World Dynamics model.  We also provide a Python script to help
   implement our recommended procedure for incorporating the six analytical
   equations into models and a Vensim macro for each analytical equation.  (c)
   2022 The Authors.  System Dynamics Review published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
   on behalf of System Dynamics Society.

---

UT 412
AR Parsons D, 2017, COGENT FOOD AGR, V3, DOI 10.1080/23311932.2017.1313360
TI Assessing policy options for agricultural livestock development: A case
   study of Mexico's sheep sector
AU Parsons D; Nicholson CF
TC 14
SO COGENT FOOD AGR
PY 2017
AB The demand for sheep meat in the populous central region around Mexico City
   has grown rapidly in recent years.  To assess the impacts of potential
   "regional development" policy options, a dynamic model of Mexico's sheep
   sector with regional and producer group disaggregation is developed that
   incorporates interactions between herd dynamics, feed dynamics, market
   inventories of sheep meat and prices for sheep meat and animals.  The model
   is used to assess the outcomes for commercial and tras patio (backyard,
   small-scale) Mexican sheep producers and sheep meat consumers of three
   growth assumptions and two intervention alternatives: a variable cost
   subsidy or the implementation of a stylized health intervention.  Model
   simulations indicate that the dynamics of growth dominate the policy
   responses; the principal beneficiaries of producer subsidy and animal health
   interventions are Mexican sheep meat consumers.  Commercial sheep producers
   will experience increases in cumulative net margin, but tras patio producers
   will be made worse off than they would have been in the absence of
   interventions.  The Mexican sheep system thus exhibits two characteristics
   of dynamically complex systems: unintended consequences and policy
   resistance, with broader implications for interventions in agriculture-based
   livelihood systems.
DE complex systems; livestock; simulation modeling; smallholder farmers; system
   dynamics; vensim

---

UT 413
AR Yuan RJ, 2022, ENVIRON SCI POLLUT R, V29, P12589, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-14370-y
TI A system dynamic model for simulating the potential of prefabrication on
   construction waste reduction
AU Yuan RJ; Guo F; Qian YM; Cheng BQ; Li JC; Tang XY; Peng XJ
TC 38
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB Prefabrication is a promising method for minimizing construction waste since
   it is conducted in a controlled environment.  This paper develops a
   simulation model for quantitatively evaluating the potential of
   prefabrication on construction waste reduction by considering interaction
   behaviors among factors influencing the application of prefabrication and
   construction waste reduction during the design stage.  The theory of planned
   behavior is applied to determine the system boundary, and a system dynamic
   model is applied for establishing the simulation model.  A case project in
   Anhui, China, is selected for demonstrating the established model.  Results
   show that the (1) Application of prefabrication method contributes to
   construction waste reduction by reducing material wastes and reworking due
   to design changes.  (2) Impacts of prefabrication method on concrete waste
   reduction is the most significant.  (3) Increasing investment on designers'
   professional training and strengthening policies is two efficient strategies
   to make full use of the potential of the prefabrication method on
   construction waste reduction during the design stage.  The developed model
   can offer designers as well as policymakers with references for applying
   prefabrication method for construction waste reduction by comparing outcomes
   under various scenarios with different strategies and policies ahead of
   implementation.
DE prefabrication; construction waste reduction; system dynamics; vensim;
   simulation; circular; economy
ID management; promotion; design

---

UT 414
AR Dundovic C, 2009, PROMET, V21, P331
TI CONTRIBUTION TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF A SIMULATION MODEL FOR A SEAPORT IN
   SPECIFIC OPERATING CONDITIONS
AU Dundovic C; Bilic M; Dvornik J
TC 5
SO PROMET
PY 2009
AB The purpose of this paper is to show the efficiency of application of system
   dynamic simulation modelling when researching the behaviour dynamics of the
   port transhipment process, and finding the optimal solution for cargo
   handling with regard to the type and scope of cargo traffic, directions of
   movement, and pace of receiving and shipping of cargo.  In view of the
   potential scientific implementation and verification of the hypotheses about
   the usage of system dynamic simulation models, the goals are multi-
   dimensional as they include designing qualitative and quantitative
   simulation models for a non-linear system, verification of the validity of
   the behaviour dynamics of the model, application of the simulation models,
   application of the parameter optimisation of the simulated process, and
   scientific verification of the results obtained through the simulation of
   the model.  In compliance with the developed system-dynamic, mental-verbal
   and structural model, using the Powersim Studio system-dynamic flowchart of
   the port cargo system, in Powersim Studio simulation language, it is
   possible to conduct a scientific research of the dynamics of the continuous
   behaviour of the observed port cargo system in an experimental way, i.e.  by
   using computers, simulating various scenarios of likely occurrences in the
   real world, without jeopardising it.
DE system dynamics; modeling; transhipment process; optimization; continued and
   discrete simulation

---

UT 415
AR Abraham M, 2022, AQUA, V71, P975, DOI 10.2166/aqua.2022.038
TI Simulation of chain of tanks to augment water supply: a case study from
   Tamil Nadu
AU Abraham M; Venugopal K; Arunkumar R; Pramada SK
TC 2
SO AQUA
PY 2022
AB The application of system dynamics techniques is gaining significance and is
   much needed for an effective management of the depleting water resources in
   a dynamically complex region and considers it as the feedback from the
   system.  The present study deals with the application of a system dynamic
   approach to simulate a chain of four tanks in the Guduvanchery watershed,
   Tamil Nadu, India.  Standard data-driven models cannot be effectively used
   due to a lack of quality data for ungauged basins.  VENSIM was used for the
   system dynamic simulation to assess water availability for the sustainable
   management of water resources.  Inflow into the four tanks, net losses in
   each tank, and crop water requirement were given as inputs into VENSIM.
   Along with different models, an extensive field survey was carried out to
   quantify each input component.  Based on system dynamics simulation, only
   28% of the total available water is used for irrigation and the rest is
   wasted due to evaporation, transition loss, and spill from the tanks.  It
   was found that there was approximately 5.46 MCM of surface water available
   in the watershed, and it will be able to supply the domestic demand of the
   watershed of 0.672 MCM in addition to the irrigation requirement.
DE chain of tanks; hydrological modeling; nrcs model; runoff; simulation;
   vensim
ID scs-cn method; curve number; runoff

---

UT 416
AR Tireli E, 2006, POMOR, V20, P113
TI A CONTRIBUTION TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE MARINE STEAM TURBINE IN LOAD
   CONDITIONS
AU Tireli E; Dvornik J
TC 0
SO POMOR
PY 2006
AB The aim of this paper is to present the successful application of the system
   dynamics simulation modelling in the research carried on the performance
   dynamics of the marine steam turbine in load conditions, and in this very
   example at load of a marine synchronous generator.  The marine steam turbine
   at load of a synchronous generator is a complex non-linear system, which
   needs to be systematically researched into as a unit consisting of a number
   of subsystems and elements, which are linked by cause-effect (CE) feedback
   loops (FBL), both within the propulsion system and with the relevant
   environment.  The authors of this paper aim at presenting the efficient
   application of the scientific methods used in the research of the complex
   dynamic systems called System dynamics qualitative and quantitative
   simulation methodology, which will make the production and use of a larger
   number and a variety of simulation models of the observed elements possible,
   thus enabling the continuous computer simulation, which will significantly
   contribute to the acquisition of new information about the non-linear
   character of the turbine and generator system performance dynamics in the
   designing and education process.  The marine steam turbine will be presented
   by a set ofnon-linear differential equations, after which mental and verbal
   structural models and flowcharts in the System dynamics symbols [1 and 2]
   will be worked out, and the performance dynamics in load conditions will be
   simulated in the POWERSIM simulation language [5].
DE steam turbine; synchronous generator; simulation modeling; simulation and
   heuristic optimization

---

UT 417
AR Rizzetti TA, 2016, SIST GEST, V11, P112, DOI
   10.20985/1980-5160.2016.v11n1.1010
TI USE SYSTEMS DYNAMICS TO EVALUATE SCENARIOS OF REUSING COOKING OIL IN
   BIODIESEL PRODUCTION IN A PUBLIC IES
AU Rizzetti TA; Rodrigues GO; Simonetto ED; Gil RC
TC 0
SO SIST GEST
PY 2016
AB The article presents the modeling and development of a simulation model to
   assess the production of biodiesel from the reuse of cooking oil used in
   university restaurants (UR) of a higher education institution (HEI). For the
   construction of the model (definition of variables and their
   interrelationships) used by theoretical basis the bibliographic research and
   observations of the process of generation of the waste cooking oil
   economics.  Among the issues analyzed is the reduction of environmental
   impact, due to the reduction of inappropriate disposal of cooking oil, and
   reducing the generation of CO2 caused by the use of biodiesel.  To evaluate
   the possibilities of generation and reuse of the UK oil in biodiesel
   production, were generated two scenarios: a scenario based on current
   situation of waste generation and another, named future scenario with best
   practices of reuse and recycling of these.  The results obtained by the
   simulation shows that, in addition to the large reduction of the
   environmental impact, the recycling process brings significant economic gain
   as a function of cost savings with the purchase of fuel.  The simulated time
   horizon was 10 years and Vensim software was used for the development of the
   simulation.
DE cooking oil; recycling; reuse; biodiesel; simulation

---

UT 418
AR Hajbabaie M, 2023, ENV MONIT ASSESS, V195, DOI 10.1007/s10661-023-11054-7
TI Model of ecological resilience in Hyrcanian forests that combines the
   decision-making trial and evaluation method (DEMATEL) and system dynamics
AU Hajbabaie M; Jozi SA; Farsad F; Kiadaliri H; Gharagozlou A
TC 7
SO ENV MONIT ASSESS
PY 2023
AB The present study assessed the resilience model of Hyrcanian forests with
   Navroud-Asalem watershed as a case study.  The Navroud-Assalem watershed was
   selected for study because of its special environmental characteristics and
   access to relatively acceptable information.  In order to model resilience,
   the appropriate indices influencing resilience in Hyrcanian forests were
   identified and selected.  The criteria of biological diversity and forest
   health and vitality were selected along with the indices of species
   diversity, forest-type diversity, mixed stands, and the infected area
   percentage forests with disturbance factors.  Thirteen sub-indices and 33
   variables were determined and the relationship between the indices and
   criteria was identified by developing a questionnaire using the decision-
   making trial and evaluation laboratory (DEMATEL) method.  The weights of
   each index were estimated in Vensim software using the fuzzy analytic
   hierarchy process.  Collecting and analyzing the regional information, the
   conceptual model was developed and formulated quantitatively and
   mathematically and was entered into Vensim for resilience modeling of the
   selected parcels.  The DEMATEL method indicated that the species diversity
   indices and the percentage of affected forests had the greatest influence
   and interaction with other factors in the system.  The parcels studied had
   different slopes and were affected by the input variables.  They were
   considered as resilient if they were found to maintain current conditions.
   Avoidance of exploitation, infestation by pests, severe fires in the region,
   and increased livestock grazing compared to the existing situation were
   among the prerequisites for resilience in the region.  Vensim modeling
   represents that in control parcel no.  232 the nondimensional resilience
   parameter is 3025 (the most resilient parcel), while in the disturbed parcel
   no.  278 this amount is 1775 (the least resilient parcel).
DE modeling; resilience; dynamic system; f-ahp; vensim; iran
ID species richness; climate-change; vegetation; disturbance; indicators;
   management; diversity; roots; world

---

UT 419
AR He QY, 2023, ENV SCI, V11, DOI 10.3389/fenvs.2023.1149661
TI Study on micro-mechanism of the affordable housing community in urban
   renewal the case of Zunyi city, Guizhou province
AU He QY; Yang JZ; Gong L
TC 1
SO ENV SCI
PY 2023
AB Introduction: Affordable housing in China refers to housing with social
   security for low and middle income people under the unified planning and
   coordination of the government.  In the process of urbanization, the
   construction of affordable housing and commercial housing should be
   developed in parallel, but under the role of the real estate market economy,
   the development of the two is unbalanced, resulting in a disparity in
   quantity, a large gap in quality, unreasonable management, and even
   residential segregation.  The construction and development of China's
   affordable housing community is a huge and complex systemic project.  This
   study focuses on a series of problems in the relationship between supply and
   demand of affordable housing based only on the development context of urban
   renewal at this stage.  Methods: Based on existing literature and official
   data, combined with field visits and research, this study uses Vensim PLE
   software to build a system model for converting various types of stock into
   affordable housing, and to investigate the effect of various policies on
   solving the problem of supply and demand of affordable housing.  Results:
   The research results show that 1) the policies stimulate the increase of
   urban population and help promote the supply cycle of affordable housing; 2)
   under the stimulation of the supply policy of converting stock housing into
   affordable housing, social investment will improve by 33%-64% and the gap of
   affordable housing will decrease by 29%-58%; 3) under the stimulation of the
   policy of optimizing the management of affordable housing, the coverage rate
   of affordable population will improve by 3%-5% and the middle and low income
   households' per capita housing floor area will increase by 9%-18% l; 4)
   under the comprehensive influence of the combined policies, the urban
   population will grow healthily, the per capita income and per capita housing
   floor area of low- and middle- income people will be improved, the stock of
   housing will be reduced, the number of affordable housing will increase, the
   affordable housing gap will be reduced, and the affordable housing community
   will be developed sustainably and healthily.  Meaning: The research results
   and recommendations will provide references for the government and competent
   authorities to enact or update the policies on affordable housing.
DE urban renewal; affordable housing community; micro-mechanism; system
   dynamics; sustainable development
ID market

---

UT 420
AR Wu YZ, 2011, CITIES, V28, P147, DOI 10.1016/j.cities.2010.11.002
TI The impact of urbanization policy on land use change: A scenario analysis
AU Wu YZ; Zhang XL; Shen LY
TC 129
SO CITIES
PY 2011
AB The rapid urbanization has led to extensive land use change particularly in
   those developing countries.  In line with the development of urbanization,
   arable land is decreasing dramatically, which presents the threat to the
   food security for human being.  It is therefore essential to understand the
   level of impacts of urbanization on the land use change.  This paper
   introduces a dynamic systems based method for assessing the impacts of
   urbanization policy on land use change with reference to the urbanization
   practice in China.  Four typical policy scenarios are identified in
   implementing urbanization in China, including balanced development driven by
   planning, uneven development driven by planning, balanced development driven
   by market and uneven development driven by market and their impacts on land
   use change are analyzed through a dynamic system model.  Land use change is
   considered as a dynamic system model composing five subsystems:
   urbanization, social, economic, environmental and land use subsystems.  The
   key attributes in these five subsystems are interactive and they are dynamic
   variables.  The assessment on the impacts of urbanization policy to land use
   change is demonstrated through employing the software iThink to the land use
   change dynamic model, using the data collected from the Jinyun County in
   China.  The findings suggest that the urban construction land will continue
   to increase in the foreseeable future in China, whilst the agricultural land
   will gradually decrease.  Nevertheless, different policy scenarios will have
   different impacts on these land changes.  Thus decision makers can adopt
   different policies to control the rate of land use change.  (C) 2010
   Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE land-use change; modeling; regional planning; system dynamics ( sd );
   urbanization policy
ID cellular-automata; urban; china; transformation; patterns; region; shanghai;
   market; system

---

UT 421
AR Sokolovska ZM, 2008, ACTUAL PROBL ECON, P238
TI Insurance companies' financial flows modeling
AU Sokolovska ZM; Klepikova OA
TC 0
SO ACTUAL PROBL ECON
PY 2008
AB The article carries out the insurance companies' financial flows modeling.
   Simulation models are built by means of the system dynamics method.
   Simulation experiments are realized by.  means of iThink.  Analysis of the
   achieved results is carried out on certain parts of the model complex work.
DE financial flow; insurance premium; insurance reserve ( fund ); insurance
   payments; simulation model; flow diagram

---

UT 422
AR Vanclay JK, 2006, ECOL MANAG, V233, P295, DOI 10.1016/j.foreco.2006.05.020
TI Spatially-explicit competition indices and the analysis of mixed-species
   plantings with the Simile modelling environment
AU Vanclay JK
TC 30
SO ECOL MANAG
PY 2006
AB Individual-based modelling and analysis of forest experiments has been made
   more accessible to researchers with the advent of modelling environments
   like Simile from www.simulistics.com.  1ndividual-based analyses of tree
   growth data offer insights not possible with plot-based analyses, especially
   when the original experimental design has been compromised by mortality or
   other unforeseen events.  The paper illustrates how Simile can be used for
   individual-based analyses of mixed plantings, and how it can be used to
   explore the consequences of the resulting statistical models.  A mixed-
   species planting of Eucalyptus pellita and Acacia peregrina is used to
   illustrate possibilities.  (c) 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
DE simile; vensim; powersim; stella; systems dynamics; individual-based
   modeling; distance-dependent competition index; mixed-species; eucaliptus;
   acacia

---

UT 423
AR Parsons D, 2011, AGR SYST, V104, P1, DOI 10.1016/j.agsy.2010.07.006
TI Development and evaluation of an integrated simulation model for assessing
   smallholder crop-livestock production in Yucatan, Mexico
AU Parsons D; Nicholson CF; Blake RW; Ketterings QM; Ramírez-Aviles L; Fox DG;
   Tedeschi LO; Cherney JH
TC 39
SO AGRIC SYST
PY 2011
AB Mixed farming systems constitute a large proportion of agricultural
   production in the tropics, and provide multiple benefits for the world's
   poor.  However, our understanding of the functioning of these systems is
   limited.  Modeling offers the best approach to quantify outcomes from many
   interacting causal variables in these systems.  The objective of this study
   was to develop an integrated crop-livestock model to assess biophysical and
   economic consequences of farming practices exhibited in sheep systems of
   Yucatan state, Mexico.  A Vensim (TM) dynamic stock-flow feedback model was
   developed to integrate scientific and practical knowledge of management,
   flock dynamics, sheep production, partitioning of nutrients, labor, and
   economic components.  The model accesses sheep production and manure
   quantity and quality data generated using the Small Ruminant Nutrition
   System (SRNS), and interfaces on a daily basis with an Agricultural
   Production Systems Simulator (APSIM) model that simulates weather, crop, and
   soil dynamics.  Model evaluation indicated that the integrated model
   adequately represents the complex interactions that occur between farmers,
   crops, and livestock.  (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE crop-livestock interactions; crop-livestock systems; milpa; sheep; shifting
   cultivation; system dynamics
ID soil fertility management; farming systems; agricultural systems; panicum-
   maximum; efficiencies; framework; resource; impact; manure; tools

---

UT 424
AR Jurjevic M, 2026, APPL SCI-BASEL, V16, DOI 10.3390/app16052538
TI Integrated Approach to Modelling the Reliability of Gears in Ship Propulsion
   Systems
AU Jurjevic M; Hasanspahic N; Biocic T
TC 0
SO APPL SCI-BASEL
PY 2026
AB The operational reliability of gears in ship propulsion systems is an
   important factor affecting safety, efficiency, and cost-effectiveness in
   ship operation.  Gear failures may result in loss of propulsion, increased
   maintenance costs, and risks to crew safety.  This paper presents an
   integrated methodological framework for assessing gear reliability in ship
   propulsion systems by integrating qualitative causal analysis, quantitative
   reliability growth modelling, and system dynamics simulation.  The analysis
   is based on empirical data collected from the AMOS computerised maintenance
   management system for ship propulsion gear over the course of 20,000
   operating hours.  The Ishikawa diagram is applied as a qualitative tool to
   structure potential failure causes related to human, technical, material,
   procedural, measurement, and environmental factors.  Using a system dynamics
   approach, a qualitative conceptual model of cause-and-effect relationships
   and a quantitative simulation model were developed, where the mathematical
   model of Goel-Okumoto reliability growth was applied to quantitatively
   describe the process of detecting and eliminating failures, with an
   exponential decrease in failure intensity over time and a high level of
   agreement with empirical data (R2 = 0.9962), corresponding to the part of
   the bathtub curve related to the running-in of ship systems.  The system
   dynamics simulation implemented in the POWERSIM environment integrates the
   analytically estimated model parameters and provides a dynamic
   representation of the relationships between failure intensity, cumulative
   failures, reliability, and the mean time between failures.  The scientific
   contribution of this work lies in the structured integration of established
   methods into a single analytical framework, enabling coherent interpretation
   of empirical reliability data under real operating conditions.  The results
   provide a methodological basis for developing predictive maintenance tools,
   optimising maintenance strategies, and improving the safety of ship
   propulsion systems.
DE reliability; goel-okumoto model; modeling; maintenance; maritime propulsion
   systems; predictive maintenance; maritime safety
ID failure analysis; performance; fatigue

---

UT 425
AR Zhang L, 2020, SUSTAIN, V12, DOI 10.3390/su12010341
TI Second Use Value of China's New Energy Vehicle Battery: A View Based on
   Multi-Scenario Simulation
AU Zhang L; Liu YQ; Pang BB; Sun BX; Kokko A
TC 28
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2020
AB Nowadays, many countries are actively seeking ways to solve the energy
   crisis and environmental pollution.  New Energy Vehicle (NEV) has become an
   important way to solve these problems.  With the rapid development of NEV,
   its batteries need to be replaced with new batteries after 5-8 years.
   Therefore, whether the second use of NEV's battery has commercial or social
   value becomes a research hotspot.  The innovation of this paper is to use
   the cost-benefit method to determine the value influencing factors of NEV's
   battery second use, and use system dynamics to perform scenario simulation
   analysis.  The methods used in this paper are the cost-benefit method and
   system dynamics method.  Firstly, this paper systematically analyzes the
   cost and benefit factors that affect the second use value of China's NEV
   batteries and uses system dynamics to establish the relationship and value
   model among various factors.  Then, this paper compares the value of battery
   energy storage between old batteries and new batteries.  According to the
   cost-income factor analysis, this paper eventually selects specific factors
   and uses VENSIM software to carry out the multi-scenario simulation.  The
   results show that NEV's battery second use has commercial and social value
   compared to new battery energy storage.  Moreover, battery cost, government
   subsidies, and electricity prices are three important factors that affect
   the second use value of China's NEV battery.  Changing the government's cash
   subsidy methods, such as providing free batteries or combining new energy to
   reduce on-grid tariffs, will help increase the second use value of the NEV
   battery.  In the future, the second use value of China's NEV battery
   industry will be more significant, with the update of the technology, the
   surge in the number of NEV's used batteries, and government support.
DE battery; second use; energy storage; value; scenario simulation
ID storage systems; electric vehicles; technoeconomic analysis; economic-
   analysis; renewable energy; life batteries; power plants; hybrid; policy;
   feasibility

---

UT 426
AR Chandiran P, 2023, TRANSP POLIC, V130, P116, DOI
   10.1016/j.tranpol.2022.10.002
TI Can driver supply disruption alleviate driver shortages?  A systems approach
AU Chandiran P; Ramasubramaniam M; Venkatesh VG; Mani V; Shi YY
TC 4
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2023
AB The driver shortage is a perennial problem in the trucking industry.  The
   review of literature reveals currently there is a lack of holistic approach
   to address driver shortage problem.  This paper presents a systems approach
   to understand the factors influencing the issue of truck driver shortages in
   an emerging economy context and their evolution over time.  For this study,
   we define truck driver shortage as: "The shortfall in the market when the
   quantity of truck drivers supplied is below the number of truck drivers
   demanded". A system dynamic model has been developed to study a
   representative truck segment unit.  The model is validated and simulated for
   ten years.  The findings from the proposed model indicate that the current
   system and other environmental factors do not support the truck driver
   supply increase, drivers and shortages are likely to become acute in the
   coming years.  The study proposes appropriate intervention for the
   government, and other stakeholders must design proper steps to fill the gap
   beyond a specific timeframe.  The study contributes to the existing
   literature as a pioneering work on driver shortages in the emerging economy
   context.  Also, the study is one of its kind in using a holistic,
   quantitative approach to modeling the driver shortage phenomenon.  In the
   process, the study elicits complex relationships that prevail among the
   factors included in the study.
DE system dynamics; labor welfare; simulation; driver shortage; truck driver;
   vensim; supply disruption
ID truck drivers; logistics; dynamics; impact; work; professionals;
   requirements; recruitment; strategies; model

---

UT 427
AR Huntsinger GC, 2012, INTERFACES, V42, P395, DOI 10.1287/inte.1110.0605
TI The US Army Projects the Effect of Merit Pay on Payroll Growth
AU Huntsinger GC; Burk RC; Trainor TE
TC 0
SO INTERFACES
PY 2012
AB The National Security Personnel System (NSPS) was designed to provide
   greater opportunity for merit-based pay raises than the preexisting civil
   service system.  However, a US Army organization was concerned that over
   time the accumulation of merit raises would make the total payroll
   unaffordable.  We were asked to investigate the conditions under which this
   situation would be likely to happen.  We used the Vensim (R) modeling
   software to produce a model of the influences and events that would cause
   payroll to rise or fall from year to year.  Our analysis showed that the
   merit pay policies in place at the start of our study were very likely to
   lead to undesirable growth in total pay and a concentration of all employees
   near the maximum allowed salary, defeating the purpose of NSPS-to reward
   better service with more pay.  The most important factors were the fraction
   of merit pay that was given as merit raises (as opposed to bonuses) and the
   salaries of people newly hired to replace those who left the organization.
   We showed how departing senior employees should be replaced with less-senior
   ones to avoid long-term payroll growth.  We used the model to find the
   combinations of merit pay and new-hire policies that would balance the
   effect of these two major influences and produce little or no long-term
   payroll growth.  We also showed that some other influences that had
   concerned the client were actually of small effect compared to the
   stochastic uncertainty in payroll growth.  Another influence, attrition,
   produced a more substantial effect.  The interactive nature of the model
   allowed real-time exploration of alternatives with the client and helped
   build confidence in the robustness of the results.  These results highlight
   potential problem areas needing careful analysis in implementing similar
   merit pay systems.
DE government defense; organizational studies; manpower planning;
   motivation/incentives; probability; markov processes; simulation; systems
   dynamics
ID manpower

---

UT 428
AR Dale M, 2012, ECOL ECON, V73, P152, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2011.10.014
TI Global energy modelling - A biophysical approach (GEMBA) part 1: An overview
   of biophysical economics
AU Dale M; Krumdieck S; Bodger P
TC 23
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2012
AB Economists, investors and policy makers need to understand energy systems
   and the potential for investment in both alternative energy supply and
   demand side technologies.  Biophysical economics has contributed to
   conventional economics by incorporating thermodynamic and ecological
   principles and emphasising the importance of natural resources to economic
   processes.  This paper is presented in two parts.  Part 1 gives a historic
   review of biophysical economics and discusses some previous models of the
   energy-economy system built around the principles of biophysical economics.
   Part 2 presents the GEMBA model - a new modelling methodology in the
   biophysical economics tradition.  The methodology proposes a new and
   important contribution to the field of biophysical economics; a lifetime
   evolving function for the dynamics of the energy return on investment
   (EROI). The dynamic EROI function was incorporated into the GEMBA model and
   implemented in Vensim.  The model is calibrated using historical energy
   production data, i.e.  trained to historical data.  The trained model is run
   to 2100 under a variety of assumptions regarding availability of energy
   resources and corresponding EROI's.  The main finding of the model is that
   growth of the renewable energy sector may impact investment in other areas
   of the economy and thereby stymie economic growth.  (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V.
   All rights reserved.
DE physical resource modeling; net energy analysis ( nea ); systems dynamics (
   sd ); resource quality embodied energy
ID world; oil; thermodynamics; peak

---

UT 429
AR Dale M, 2012, ECOL ECON, V73, P158, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2011.10.028
TI Global energy modelling - A biophysical approach (GEMBA) Part 2: Methodology
AU Dale M; Krumdieck S; Bodger P
TC 50
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2012
AB Economists, investors and policy makers need to understand the changing
   climate of energy systems and the potential for investment in both
   alternative energy supply and demand side efficiency and management
   technologies.  Biophysical economics has contributed to conventional
   economics by incorporating thermodynamic and ecological principles and
   emphasising the importance of natural resources to the economic process.
   This paper is presented in two parts.  Part 1 gives a historic review of
   biophysical economics and discusses some previous models of the energy-
   economy system built around the principles of biophysical economics.  Part 2
   presents the GEMBA model a - new modelling methodology in the biophysical
   economics tradition.  The methodology proposes a new and important
   contribution to the field of biophysical economics; a lifetime evolving
   function for the dynamics of the energy return on investment (EROI). In the
   development stage of a new resource, EROI increases due to technological
   learning, market growth and capital investment.  EROI then reaches a peak as
   diminishing returns are experienced on further technological innovation and
   capital investment.  In the later stage EROI declines over time as the most
   accessible resources are developed first, resources become depleted, or
   scarcity develops for materials needed to extract, process or convert the
   energy for the market.  EROI can also diminish over time as environmental
   restoration or emission reduction becomes required by the society.  The
   dynamic EROI function was incorporated into a global energy model using a
   biophysical approach (GEMBA) and implemented in VenSim.  The GEMBA model is
   calibrated using historical energy production data, i.e.  training to
   historical data, then running the trained model to 2100 under a series of
   varying assumptions regarding availability of energy resources and
   corresponding EROls.  The main finding of the model is that growth of the
   renewable energy sector may impact investment in other areas of the economy
   and thereby stymie economic growth.  (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights
   reserved.
DE physical resource modeling; net energy analysis ( nea ); systems dynamics (
   sd ); resource quality; embodied energy
ID economic-systems; growth-curves; stella; cost

---

UT 430
AR Li F, 2022, ARAB J SCI ENG, V47, P3945, DOI 10.1007/s13369-021-06264-5
TI Evolutionary Game Analysis of Information Sharing Among Closed-loop Supply
   Chain Members in Cloud Environment
AU Li F; Qian XY; Kong J; Luo ZCY
TC 19
SO ARAB J SCI ENG
PY 2022
AB The problem of information asymmetry has become the main reason for the
   inefficiency of the closed-loop supply chain (CLSC). This article is based
   on the idea of cloud manufacturing and provides a framework for information
   exchange and sharing between various entities in the form of distributed
   networking.  With the participation of the government, the research on the
   information-sharing enthusiasm of remanufacturers and recyclers in CLSC and
   its influencing factors is combined with evolutionary game theory and system
   dynamics.  Under the premise of bounded rationality, a tripartite
   evolutionary game model is constructed, and equilibrium analysis is carried
   out.  On this basis, based on the principles of system dynamics, Vensim is
   used to simulate the evolutionary game process dynamically, and the
   influence of parameter changes on information-sharing enthusiasm and
   strategy selection is discussed.  In addition, a closed-loop supply chain SD
   model in cloud environment is established to prove its role in information
   sharing.  The research results show that the strategic choices of CLSC
   members are affected by multiple external variables.  Factors such as
   government supervision, sharing costs, information security, and enterprise
   alliances play a key role in companies adopting cloud manufacturing models
   for remanufacturing activities.
DE closed-loop supply chain; asymmetric information; cloud manufacturing;
   evolutionary game theory; system dynamic
ID stable strategies; impact

---

UT 431
AR Karimlou K, 2020, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V34, P481, DOI
   10.1007/s11269-019-02428-z
TI Developing a Model for Decision-Makers in Dynamic Modeling of Urban Water
   System Management
AU Karimlou K; Hassani N; Mehrabadi AR; Nazari MR
TC 15
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2020
AB Water managers may modify many components of urban water systems to minimize
   water shortage.  Since each modification activity has its own positive and
   negative effects, it is necessary to define an appropriate procedure to
   predict the consequences of each action.  As the parameters of urban water
   supply and demand system have internal relationships in the time domain, a
   dynamic model is needed to forecast the result of changes and select the
   best modification activity.  Here the Vensim (R) is applied as a modeling
   tool to choose the most effective water management activities in Tehran
   province.  It has been found that the annual increase rate of water tariff
   by 16.4% and assigning 4.5% of revenue on reducing non-revenue water may be
   the most effective demand management activity to reduce water shortage in
   Tehran province.  It has also been revealed that, even by implementing the
   most effective demand management activities in Tehran, the amount of
   required water in the next 10 years is more than the sustainable capacity of
   its resources and activities like seawater desalination are inevitable to
   prevent unsustainable use of water sources.
DE water; system dynamics; price elasticity of demand; tariff; conservation
   devices; non-revenue water
ID price elasticity; desalination; demand

---

UT 432
AR Qin TT, 2024, RISK MANAG HEAL POLIC, V17, P1227, DOI 10.2147/RMHP.S454748
TI Utilizing Group Model Building to Identify Barriers and Facilitators of
   Hypertension Management in Primary Health Care, China
AU Qin TT; Li XM/1; Qiao K; Bai XY; Gu MY; Wang Y/2
TC 2
SO RISK MANAG HEAL POLIC
PY 2024
AB Purpose: Group Model Building (GMB) is a qualitative method that refers to a
   participatory process.  This project aims to identify barriers and
   facilitators of hypertension management in primary health care in China,
   through which, the leverage point for intervention may be found.  Methods:
   The GMB was used to identify the factors influencing hypertension
   management.  Graphs over time and causal loop diagram (CLD) were main tools
   of GMB. To propose the influencing factors, key stakeholders were invited to
   participate in a workshop.  During the workshop, stakeholders were
   encouraged to plot the graphs over time of the variables about research
   issues and give a descriptive explanation.  And based on this, a CLD was
   initially developed to establish a model of the interaction of factors.
   After the workshop, the research group further improved the CLD through
   repeated mutual discussions, and gave feedback to the participants.  The
   Vensim PLE 9.0 software package was used to build CLD. Results: A total of
   14 key stakeholders were invited to participate in the workshop.  Finally,
   26 influencing factors were identified, which were divided into three
   dimensions, including the institutional, the community health workers
   (CHWs), and the patient level.  And 5 reinforcing loops and 4 balancing
   loops were formed in the CLD. Promoting the building of the Medical
   Community/Regional Medical Association, implementing the family doctor
   contract service (FDCS), and enhancing the motivation of CHWs may be
   potential leverage points for hypertension management in China.  Conclusion:
   By using GMB, we have identified key factors in the management of
   hypertension in primary health care and provided comprehensive suggestions
   to overcome the obstacles.
DE group model building; hypertension management; primary health-care; causal
   loop diagram; system dynamics
ID population; prevalence; awareness; scripts

---

UT 433
AR Ogano NO, 2017, AFR J IND ENG, V28, P20, DOI 10.7166/28-1-1607
TI ANALYSIS OF POLICY OPTIONS FOR PROJECTS IN THE ELECTRICITY SECTOR IN SUB-
   SAHARAN AFRICA: A SYSTEM DYNAMICS APPROACH
AU Ogano NO; Pretorius L
TC 4
SO AFR J IND ENG
PY 2017
AB Many projects in the electricity energy sector in Africa's sub-Saharan
   region experience delays and challenges to quality, leading to frequent
   power outages that slow overall economic activity and frustrate investor
   confidence in the region.  This paper presents the systemic methods employed
   to evaluate the dynamic consequences of policies in electricity energy
   sector projects in the region.  The model uses the Vensim software to carry
   out the simulations.  A range of illustrative scenarios are provided and
   analysed, and the paper compares and contrasts these different scenarios.
   The results show that there is merit in improving project management
   competence in the region.  A shortage of commissioning engineers also
   emerged as a major problem in the projects, leading to multitasking as the
   few existing commissioning engineers move from one project to another.  To
   address this weakness, the study proposes that contracting firms be
   compelled to employ a higher proportion of commissioning engineers.

---

UT 434
AR Dudley RG, 2010, MITIG ADAPT STRATEG GLOB CHANG, V15, P53, DOI
   10.1007/s11027-009-9204-7
TI A little REDD model to quickly compare possible baseline and policy
   scenarios for reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation
AU Dudley RG
TC 15
SO MITIG ADAPT STRATEG GLOB CHANG
PY 2010
AB A simple model allows rapid comparison of typical baseline and policy
   scenarios which might be considered under international programs to avoid
   CO2 emissions caused by forest clearing, such as REDD (Reducing Emissions
   from Deforestation and Forest Degradation). These tests of REDD policy
   scenarios can also include CO2 stored in forest products.  The value of
   avoided emissions can also be determined if expected carbon prices, constant
   or varying, are included.  The paper discusses simple illustrative example
   comparisons as well as possible feedback effects within larger scale setting
   of CO2 offset availability, CO2 price and emissions reductions.
DE avoided emissions; carbon emissions; co2 emissions; deforestation; model;
   emissions reductions; redd; vensim; system dynamics

---

UT 435
AR Lutete P, 2022, J PUBLIC HEAL, V112, PS444, DOI 10.2105/AJPH.2022.306725
TI Intersectional Stigma and Prevention Among Gay, Bisexual, and Same Gender-
   Loving Men in New York City, 2020: System Dynamics Models
AU Lutete P; Matthews DW; Sabounchi NS; Paige MQ; Lounsbury DW; Rodriguez N;
   Echevarria N; Usher D; Walker JJ; Dickerson A; Hillesheim J; Frye V
TC 13
SO J PUBLIC HEAL
PY 2022
AB Objectives.  To create causal loop diagrams that characterize intersectional
   stigma experiences among Black, gay, bisexual, same gender-loving, and other
   men who have sex with men and to identify intervention targets to reduce
   stigma and increase testing and prevention access.  Methods.  Between
   January and July 2020, we conducted focus groups and in-depth interviews
   with 80 expert informants in New York City, which were transcribed, coded,
   and analyzed.  These qualitative insights were developed iteratively,
   visualized, and validated in a causal loop diagram (CLD) using Vensim
   software.  Results.  The CLD revealed 3 key feedback loops-medical mistrust
   and HIV transmission, serosorting and marginalization of Black and gay
   individuals, and family support and internalized homophobia-that contribute
   to intersectional HIV and related stigmas, homophobia, and systemic racism.
   On the basis of these results, we designed 2 novel intervention components
   to integrate into an existing community-level anti-HIV stigma and homophobia
   intervention.  Conclusions.  HIV stigma, systemic racism, and homophobia
   work via feedback loops to reduce access to and uptake of HIV testing,
   prevention, and treatment.  Public Health Implications.  The CLD method
   yielded unique insights into reciprocal feedback structures that, if broken,
   could interrupt stigmatization and discrimination cycles that impede testing
   and prevention uptake.
ID hiv preexposure prophylaxis; black-men; transgender women; united-states;
   testing behaviors; medical mistrust; care continuum; health-care; white men;
   sex

---

UT 436
AR Lazanski TJ, 2006, KYBERNETES, V35, P1048, DOI 10.1108/03684920610684779
TI Systems approach to complex systems modelling with special regards to
   tourism
AU Lazanski TJ; Kljajic M
TC 32
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2006
AB Purpose - The importance of context dependent modelling of complex systems,
   depending on the observer's point of view will be discussed.  Thus, context
   is synonymous for the content of a problem in a frame of the goals, starting
   points and ways to achieve these aims.  In this light, difficulties of model
   validation and a general method how to overcome them was discussed.  The
   relations among subject object - model in the light of a systems approach;
   Charles Sanders Peirce's triad principle and the semiotic principle of
   communication was presented.  Design/methodology/approach - The
   appropriateness of a system dynamics methodology, which is due to its
   transparency and clarity an excellent tool for modelling of complex systems.
   Findings - In the paper the equivalence of different methodologies was
   shown, whose differences and similarities can be judged only in context of a
   problem and the aims of researches.  For illustration, the methodology is
   applied to a tourism system, which possesses the typical properties of
   global and local organisations.  A verbal description of a tourism problem
   is followed by a causal loop diagram, which helps to discuss the problem
   categorically.  Practical implications - As the methodology is implemented
   using quantitative model and POWERSIM tools; it offers the solution of
   national tourism strategy implication, selected from different scenarios.
   Originality/value - This paper presents a simulation model of the tourism in
   a frame of system dynamics, developed from qualitative models, as an
   illustration of the discussed methodology.
DE cybernetics; modeling; tourism; systems theory

---

UT 437
AR Parrado-Hernando G, 2024, J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST-JSDEWES, V12,
   DOI 10.13044/j.sdewes.d11.0481
TI Method to Model the Hourly Variability of Renewable Energy Sources in
   Integrated Assessment Models
AU Parrado-Hernando G; Frechoso-Escudero F; González LJM
TC 7
SO J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST-JSDEWES
PY 2024
AB A decarbonized economy implies deep structural changes across industries,
   including the power system, whose operation needs to balance supply and
   demand instantaneously.  The energy planning community usually work with
   hourly-resolution tools, while the integrated assessment community do so
   with the year as the time unit.  This article describes a model that
   integrates both time frames to consider limitations and competition among
   suppliers of electricity in long-term scenarios, with Spain as the case of
   study.  The calibration was carried out over four historical years
   (2017-2020, including the impact of Covid) to show both the sensitivity of
   different meteorological conditions and differences in the ranking of
   priorities to supply power.  electricity mix in 2030; while this objective
   is reached by our own proposal.
DE integrated assessment model ( iam ); energy transition; energy policy; power
   system; system dynamics; vensim; pniec; necp
ID system; challenges; generation; emissions; storage

---

UT 438
AR Xiao L, 2018, J INTERNET TECHNOL, V19, P1155, DOI
   10.3966/160792642018081904018
TI Design and Analysis of Knowledge Transfer in the Process of University-
   Industry Collaborative Innovation Based on Social Network Theory
AU Xiao L; Xu SH; Zeng XX
TC 7
SO J INTERNET TECHNOL
PY 2018
AB Any collaborative innovation activities can not be separated from the
   support of social networks.  Many factors in the social network affect the
   knowledge transfer activities.  Moreover, the effectiveness of knowledge
   transfer determines the performance of collaborative innovation.  From the
   point of view of relevance between collaborative innovation behavior and
   social network, this paper analyzes the influence of some factors in social
   network on knowledge transfer of school enterprise synergy innovation.  The
   purpose of this paper is to find out the laws of knowledge transfer in the
   process of University-Industry (U-I) collaborative innovation, and to verify
   the role of these laws through system dynamics simulation.  Firstly, this
   paper summarizes the previous views on collaborative innovation and U-I
   knowledge transfer.  Based on the analysis of literature, it puts forward
   the process model of knowledge transfer in U-I Collaborative Innovation and
   analyzes the factors that affect this process.  Secondly, the paper uses a
   system dynamics method to analyze the causality of knowledge transfer in the
   process of U-I collaborative innovation, establishes the model of system
   flow diagrams, and uses Vensim PLE to test the validation and sensitivity of
   the model.  Furthermore, the experimental results demonstrate that the model
   could fit well the actual knowledge transfer activities in the process of
   U-I collaborative innovation.  And, the results show that some factors in
   social networks (trust, knowledge transfer capability, knowledge absorptive
   capacity, and contract mechanisms) affect U-I knowledge transfer in
   different degrees.  Finally, some suggestions concerning the promotion of
   knowledge transfer are presented according to the simulation.
DE universities-industries; collaborative innovation; knowledge transfer;
   social networks
ID product innovation; transfer success; firms; cooperation; stickiness

---

UT 439
AR Campuzano-Bolarin F, 2010, DYNA, V85, P31
TI Traditional and collaborative supply chains.  Analysis of its influence on
   the demand variability manangement
AU Campuzano-Bolarin F; Martínez-Caro E; Ros-McDonell L
TC 2
SO DYNA
PY 2010
AB Nowadays there are different structures of supply chain management based on
   collaboration among the companies which belong to the same chain.  This work
   deeply analyzes the advantages and disadvantages of using these structures,
   in particular, Vendor Managed Inventory (VMI) and Electronic Point of Sales
   (EPOS) compared to the Traditional Supply Chain.  Moreover, it devises
   several models of Supply Chain Management, developed using the Dynamci
   Systems Methodology, where the structures are shaped and simulated by the
   Vensim(C) software.  These models area an efficient tool to recreate
   different managment backgrounds, which fit a greater or lesser extent with
   business objectives (tactical or operational) as proposed.  In that way,
   analyzing the variations of the Bullwhip effect, as the main causes of
   instabilities in the demand process management along the supply chain, will
   be possible.
DE logistics; bullwhip effect; systems dynamics; supply chain management;
   vendor managed inventory ( vmi ); electronic point of sales ( epos )
ID impact

---

UT 440
AR Hong MH, 2017, WATER, V9, DOI 10.3390/w9030215
TI Determination of Growth Stage-Specific Crop Coefficients (Kc) of Sunflowers
   (Helianthus annuus L.) under Salt Stress
AU Hong MH; Zeng WZ; Ma T; Lei GQ; Zha YY; Fang YH; Wu JW; Huang JS
TC 19
SO WATER
PY 2017
AB Crop coefficients (K-c) are important for the development of irrigation
   schedules, but few studies on K-c focus on saline soils.  To propose the
   growth-stage-specific K-c values for sunflowers in saline soils, a two-year
   micro-plot experiment was conducted in Yichang Experimental Station, Hetao
   Irrigation District.  Four salinity levels including non-salinized (ECe =
   3.4-4.1 dSm(-1)), low (ECe = 5.5-8.2 dSm(-1)), moderate (ECe = 12.1-14.5
   dSm(-1)), and high (ECe = 18.3-18.5 dSm(-1)) levels were arranged in 12
   micro-plots.  Based on the soil moisture observations, Vensim software was
   used to establish and develop a physically-based water flow in the soil-
   plant system (WFSP) model.  Observations in 2012 were used to calibrate the
   WFSP model and acceptable accuracy was obtained, especially for soil
   moisture simulation below 5 cm (R-2 > 0.6). The locally-based K-c values
   (LKc) of sunflowers in saline soils were presented according to the WFSP
   calibration results.  To be specific, LKc for initial stages (K-c1) could be
   expressed as a function of soil salinity (R-2 = 0.86), while R-2 of LKc for
   rapid growth (K-c2), middle (K-c3), and mature (K-c4) stages were 0.659,
   1.156, and 0.324, respectively.  The proposed LKc values were also evaluated
   by observations in 2013 and the R-2 for initial, rapid growth, middle, and
   mature stages were 0.66, 0.68, 0.56 and 0.58, respectively.  It is expected
   that the LKc would be of great value in irrigation management and provide
   precise water application values for salt-affected regions.
DE crop coefficient; modeling; salinity; sunflowers; vensim
ID water-use efficiency; deficit irrigation; system dynamics; soil-salinity;
   root distributions; yield; evapotranspiration; corn; simulation; equation

---

UT 441
AR Vasiliou VS, 2024, J CONTEXT BEHAV SCI, V34, DOI 10.1016/j.jcbs.2024.100844
TI Capturing the context of drug use for college students: A contextual
   behavioural science informed qualitative analysis of harm reduction
   practices using network feedback loops simulation modelling
AU Vasiliou VS; Meany L; Belluci C; Dockray S; Linehan C; Dick S; Davoren MP;
   Byrne M
TC 0
SO J CONTEXT BEHAV SCI
PY 2024
AB Drug use during college can have substantial harm on students' lives and
   impacts the institutions' functioning and local communities.  Yet existing
   interventions for drug use at college poorly address the concurrent dynamic
   influences of the experiences in earlier developmental periods of young
   adults and the proximal contextual triggers of college life; both risk
   factors that can contribute to drug use.  To address this, we leveraged
   system dynamic methods and contextual-behavioural science (CBS) approaches
   to support the development of interventions focusing at addressin these risk
   factors.  Using Causal Loop Diagram methods (Vensim PLE), we collected
   qualitative data from college students to generate Network Feedback Loops
   (NFLs) (n = 24, Maged 22 years old), during the development phase of the
   MyUse: a contextual behavioural change intervention for harm reduction
   practices at college students.  The findings underscored central nodes
   (determinants within an intervention) that support our previous identified
   three CBS-harm-reduction practices for college students (targeted edges:
   mindful drug-use decision making, value-based activities, context-sensitive
   personalized plan of harm reduction). Analyses revealed 4 NFLs for students
   with previous drug use, consisting of 13 edges (4 positive, 2 negative, and
   4 balancing reinforcing relationships) and 3 NFLs for students with no
   previous drug use, consisting of 4 positives, one negative, and one
   balancing relationship.  All the NFLs were nested with the three CBSrelated
   targeted outcomes.  College students who use drugs need drug-related
   knowledge about the unpredictable and adverse effects of drugs, presented in
   a compassionate way and distributed from credible resources (e.g., students'
   unions/club). Students with no previous drug use need education about the
   effects of drugs and awareness of how drugs can devaluate value-based
   activities (e.g.  sports, friendships, social life). These should be
   delivered via proxy cue reminders and mobile-text approaches conveying
   messages about drug use susceptibility, distributed in real-time.
   Idiosyncratic, dynamic, and contextual-bound factors of lapse risks or
   preventive practices should account for each person-specific vulnerabilities
   via personalized harm reduction plans.
DE network feedback loops; system dynamics; drug use; drug harms; contextual-
   behavioural science; college students; network analysis
ID substance use; marijuana use; sample-size; intervention; prevention;
   consensus; implementation; association; strategies; stress

---

UT 442
AR Morais MCA, 2022, INT J INNOV, V10, P527, DOI 10.5585/iji.10i3.21723
TI GRADUATE EDUCATION, RESEARCH AND INNOVATION: PUBLIC OFFER EFFECTS OF
   GRADUATES ON THE POTENTIAL FOR INNOVATION BUSINESS
AU Morais MCA; Emmendoerfer ML; Protil RM
TC 0
SO INT J INNOV
PY 2022
AB Objective: Understanding the structures involved and the possible effects of
   policies to expand the supply of graduate labor on the innovation potential
   of Brazilian companies.  Methodology: For this understanding, the causal
   diagram technique was used with soft modeling of the System Dynamics
   approach using the Vensim software.  Originality: The relationship between
   the supply of qualified labor force for research and the increase in the
   innovative capacity of organizations does not present a linear relationship
   but depends on factors that go beyond the determinants of the academic
   sector.  This work responds to the need to theorize about the complexity
   existing in the relationship between the public support of graduate studies
   and their returns through applying the scientific workforce in Research and
   Development activities in the productive sector.  Main results: A conceptual
   model representing a system formed by the convergence between the structures
   of the Graduate Program Market and the Graduates' Market was presented.
   This proposal offers an overview of causal structures formed by the main
   variables involved in supply/demand by graduates in Brazil.
   Theoretical/methodological contributions: The knowledge and use of the
   System Dynamics approach support understanding complex phenomena, learning,
   and constructing viable solutions to public problems.  Furthermore, it is an
   approach still incipient in Latin America, such as Brazil, and it is
   valuable for forming agendas and evaluating public policies.  Practical
   contributions: Notably, this work encourages an urgent reflection on
   graduate and research policies articulated with the innovation context,
   bringing possible implications for the transfer of technologies.  A
   potential instrument for analyzing and projecting the possible effects of
   these public policies in the context studied was proposed.
DE evaluation design; graduate; system thinking; innovation; public policy
ID brazil; policy

---

UT 443
AR Campuzano-Bolarin F, 2010, DYNA, V85, P513, DOI 10.6036/3739
TI Traditional and collaborative supply chains.  Bullwhip effect analysis and
   other related costs
AU Campuzano-Bolarin F; Martínez-Caro E; Ros-McDonnell L
TC 0
SO DYNA
PY 2010
AB The Bullwhip effect is one of the main causes of instability in the
   management demand process along the Supply Chain.  Nowadays there are
   different supply chain management structures based on collaboration among
   the companies which integrate the same chain.  That collaboration may reduce
   the Bullwhip Effect.  In this paper some of said structures are modelled and
   simulated under Vensim (c) software, in particular, Vendor Managed Inventory
   (VMI) and Electronic Point of Sales (EPOS). Simulation results are compared
   to those offered by Traditional Supply Chain.  Moreover these mentioned
   Supply Chain Management Models are built under Systems Dynamic Methodology,
   which allow the manager to recreate different management scenarios and
   choose those which match with the company targets (tactic or operative
   ones).
DE logistics; bullwhip effect; systems dynamics; supply chain management;
   vendor managed inventory ( vmi ); electronic point of sales ( epos );
   simulation
ID impact; information; dynamics

---

UT 444
AR Beskorovainyi VV, 2012, RADIO ELECTRON COMPUT SCI CONTROL, V2, P74
TI A SYSTEM DYNAMIC MODEL OF THE TERRITORIAL DISTRIBUTED SERVICE SYSTEM
AU Beskorovainyi VV; Soboleva EV
TC 0
SO RADIO ELECTRON COMPUT SCI CONTROL
PY 2012
AB This paper reports the development of a System Dynamics model for the
   Strategic planning of a municipal service system.  The model is capable of
   handling the critical variables that impact the operations of a delivery
   scheme.  The model was developed using the Vensim programming software to
   handle the process dynamics.  There are presented results of the proposed
   model simulation of the municipal service system with a 100 % increase of
   service demand.  It is concluded that the model developed is sensitive to
   variable changes and has the capability of answering various operational
   what-if questions.  As a strategic planning tool, the present model
   generates, for different scenarios, important operational information for
   the management of resources of the municipal service system.
DE territorial distributed service system; simulation; mathematical model;
   system dynamic; transient; demand fluctuation

---

UT 445
AR Yin J, 2020, PLOS, V15, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0240547
TI Benign or disordered development?  Assessment and simulation of security of
   highly aggregated tourist crowds in China
AU Yin J; Bi YH
TC 0
SO PLOS
PY 2020
AB Arising with increasing security issues in highly aggregated tourist crowds
   (HATCs), widespread attention has been dedicated to security status.
   Assessing and forecasting the security status of HATCs in various situations
   related to tourist destinations is an important strategy of security
   management.  Thus, this study constructed a system dynamic flow diagram for
   the security evaluation of HATCs.  The relevant data were collected on
   perceptions of crowded tourists through questionnaires at Tianyou Peak
   during China's National Day (Golden Week Holiday). Additionally, efforts
   were made to conduct online surveys at Shanghai Disney Park and Shilin Night
   Market in Taipei, since crowding always occurs in these two areas.
   Empirical results based on Vensim software suggest that HATC status is the
   result of the coupling of various influencing factors and the result of the
   benign coupling of the three subsystems: multi-source pressure, state
   variation, and management response.  HATC security presents a changing trend
   of "increase-decrease-recovery". Differences exist in the changes of HATC
   security status in different spaces and at different time nodes.  The
   findings also indicated that HATCs that appear in the daytime are more
   stable than HATCs that appear at special time nodes.  This study highlighted
   that the security management of HATCs should focus on systematization,
   differentiation, and precision management.
ID system dynamics; visitor satisfaction; mass gatherings; safety; perceptions;
   impact; backpackers; management; standards; travelers

---

UT 446
AR Gao N/1, 2022, MATH PROBL ENG, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/3778597
TI A System Dynamic Model of Closed-Loop Supply Chain considering Recovery
   Strengthening and Product Differentiation
AU Gao N/1; Qu LC; Jiang YT
TC 2
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2022
AB Considering the strengthening effect of recovery on demand and the product
   differentiation, a multifactor closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) system
   dynamics (SDs) model is established and is simulated using the Vensim
   software.  Based on the simulation data, influences of factors of "policy
   effect," "recovery delay time," "recovery strengthening," and "recovery
   channel competitions" on the CLSC are analyzed.  The results demonstrate
   that the order amplification and inventory amplification are all better than
   those of the traditional supply chain.  Demands for remanufactured products
   and new products both reach the stable states in the later period.  In
   addition, the variance analysis indicates that all the factors have a
   significant effect on the order and inventory amplifications in CLSC.
   Finally, some managerial implications are put forward.

---

UT 447
AR Fiorello D, 2010, SYST DYN REV, V26, P283, DOI 10.1002/sdr.452
TI The ASTRA model for strategic assessment of transport policies
AU Fiorello D; Fermi F; Bielanska D
TC 39
SO SYST DYN REV
PY 2010
AB ASTRA is a system dynamics model for the strategic assessment of policy
   scenarios at the European level.  Over recent years, ASTRA has been
   extensively used in many European research projects, sometimes in linkage
   with other strategic tools, to provide simulations of scenarios concerning
   energy scarcity, high oil prices, technological investments in the transport
   sector and application of measures included in European transport policy.
   ASTRA is built in Vensim (R) and consists of nine interlinked modules.  With
   respect to a traditional transport model, ASTRA is less detailed in
   geographical terms, but simulates the linkages between transport demand, the
   economy, the vehicle fleet and environmental effects, thus allowing an
   integrated multidimensional assessment of alternative scenarios.  Copyright
   (C) 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.

---

UT 448
AR Li X, 2021, COMPLEX, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/6618940
TI Dynamic Simulation of Low-Carbon Competitiveness from the Perspective of
   Circular Economy
AU Li X; Luo FZ
TC 4
SO COMPLEX
PY 2021
AB In accordance with the requirements of the circular economy in Guangxi (of
   PRC) and the characteristics of the drivers of low-carbon competitiveness in
   the regional construction industry, a causal flowchart of influencing
   factors of the low-carbon competitiveness in the Guangxi construction
   industry is constructed, and a model based on system dynamics is
   established.  After the entropy weight method is used to determine the
   variable weight, VENSIM PLE software is used to simulate the development
   trend of the low-carbon competitiveness of the Guangxi construction
   industry.  The simulation results of the promotion effect of various factors
   on the development of the low-carbon competitiveness of the regional
   construction industry from 2010 to 2020 are obtained, and countermeasures
   and suggestions are proposed from the perspective of a circular economy.
ID energy-consumption; lmdi decomposition; china energy; co2; emissions;
   industry; growth; impact; income

---

UT 449
AR Bupic M, 2010, NASE, V57, P226
TI Simulation Model of Dynamic Behaviour of Refrigerated Products in a Ship's
   Refrigerated Container
AU Bupic M; Pavkovic B; Jemric T
TC 2
SO NASE
PY 2010
AB Simulation model of dynamic behaviour of refrigerated products has ben based
   on the developed mathematical model, constructional characteristics of the
   tested container, its refrigeration plant and characteristics of
   refrigerated products.  The model presented is a part of dynamic model of
   the complete ship's refrigerated container system, whose individual
   subsystems are refrigerated products, container wall, refrigerated humid air
   in the container, condensation unit, evaporator, container outfit,
   evaporator fan and defroster heater.  The research has been conducted on a
   12,2-metre (40-foot) refrigerated container.  The method of System Dynamics
   and Powersim simulation program have been used for modelling and simulation.
   The dynamic model of the refrigerated products in a ship's refrigerated
   container has been verified and conformed by the comparison of simulation
   results with empirical qualitative data.
DE simulation model; refrigerated products; ship refrigerated container

---

UT 450
AR Shahbazi A, 2012, RES CROP, V13, P319
TI Developing a simulation model for multipurpose reservoir using system
   dynamic approach
AU Shahbazi A; Radmanesh F; Akhoond-Ali AM; Sadi T
TC 0
SO RES CROP
PY 2012
AB Simulation is one of the most useful methods in water resources system
   analyzes.  There is still a strong need to explore simulation techniques
   that not only represent complex dynamic systems in a realistic way but also
   allow the involvement of end users in model development: to increase their
   confidence in the modelling process.  One of these techniques is system
   dynamics.  System dynamic models have four structural units including
   Levels, Flows, Connectors and Converters.  These four units are applied to
   simulate a variety of simple to very complex systems.  In this article,
   system dynamic approach and Vensim software have been used to simulate a
   multipurpose reservoir operation.  Developed models have been used to
   evaluate the agricultural demands allocation, hydropower generation and
   reliability at Abolfares dam.  Optimization and sensitivity analyses were
   used on dam operational properties.  Also different dam operations and
   inflow scenarios were used to evaluate water resource system feedback.
   Results showed that reservoir could meet the environmental and agricultural
   demands of existing farms in 100 and 99% of simulation period accordingly.
   Also results indicated that regulated water by the reservoir could extend
   existing land upto 1300 ha by shortage of water in only 2% of whole
   simulation period.  Simulation of energy generation as second purpose of dam
   showed that hydro power plant could generate monthly average of 140 mwh peak
   energy and 430 mwh non-peak energy.
DE multipurpose reservoir; sensitivity analyzes; simulation; system dynamic;
   vensim

---

UT 451
AR Robles C, 2022, REV ING CONSTR, V37, P185, DOI 10.7764/RIC.00025.21
TI Material supply planning and management model for social housing projects in
   a construction company
AU Robles C; Rangel E; Sánchez N
TC 1
SO REV ING CONSTR
PY 2022
AB This article addresses the development of a model for the material supply
   planning and management in the construction industry, using System Dynamics,
   supported by AHP supplier selection methods, evaluation and monitoring with
   ABC classification, all mediated by Vensim data analysis software.  The
   supply management in the construction industry is studied and analyzed based
   on a collaborative model between suppliers and builders, under the CPFR
   model and the integration of the Last Planner System, which contributes to
   optimize the use of resources that allow completing all social interest
   housing (VIS) construction projects.  The model simulates the impact and
   performance produced in the collaborative system, compliance with planning
   and profitability in VIS projects, appropriate selection, and supplier
   evaluation and monitoring.  Finally, this model allows those who make
   strategic decisions in VIS projects to identify the most critical variables,
   assess their contribution, and make the right decisions to eliminate waste
   due to waiting time.
DE social interest housing ( vis ); construction company; supply; last planner
   system; supplier; provider; collaborative logistics

---

UT 452
AR Prieto-Mostacero KA, 2023, INGE CUC, V19, DOI 10.17981/ingecuc.19.1.2023.07
TI Emisiones vehiculares mediante modelo din?mico de sistemas en la carretera
   Central en la ciudad de Lima- Per?  noviembre 2020
AU Prieto-Mostacero KA; Luera ISO; Fernandez-Rojas JH
TC 0
SO INGE CUC
PY 2023
AB Introduction: The greatest air pollution such as total organic gases and
   micrometric particles is caused by the automobile fleet; this reality is
   shown through a system dynamics.Objective: The objective of the research was
   to estimate the vehicular emissions generated and released into the
   atmosphere in the Central Highway in the eastern part of the city of Lima,
   Peru.Method: The data was obtained during 35 continuous days in November and
   December 2020. Then a dynamic systems model was developed in the VENSIM PLE
   8.2.1 software, variables of activity levels were entered such as the number
   of vehicles grouped in categories and factors of emission relative to speed
   acquired from EMEP / EEA 2019.Results: 853 670 vehicles were counted, of
   which category B corresponding to four-passenger light vehicles represent
   59.18% of the total.  The model estimated CO2 as the main gaseous agent that
   is emitted into the atmosphere with a total of 632982 tons, three agents
   present average emissions CO, HCT and NOX with 174.14, 66.57 and 41.55 ton
   respectively, the lowest emissions are PM10, CH4, SO2 , N2O and NH3 which
   generated 1.46, 0.9, 1.88, 0.15 and 0.02 tons respectively.Conclusions: The
   greater pollution causes category B vehicles than corresponding to four-
   passenger light vehicles with CO2, CO and HCT emissions, category G, which
   are heavy trucks greater than 16 tons and category A Motorcycles also add to
   these emissions to a lesser extent.
DE air pollution; dynamic of systems; vensim ple modeling

---

UT 453
AR He SC, 2016, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2016, DOI 10.1155/2016/7646248
TI The Government's Environment Policy Index Impact on Recycler Behavior in
   Electronic Products Closed-Loop Supply Chain
AU He SC; Yuan XG; Zhang XQ/1
TC 7
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2016
AB We establish the model of multilevel closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) which
   included raw material supplier, manufacturer, distributor, retailer, and
   third-party recycler based on system dynamics (SD). Considering factors
   which influence recycler behavior-environmental policy index and recovery
   delay, we apply SD software-Vensim-to simulate CLSC model and study recycler
   behavior's influence on the entire CLSC through calculating the bullwhip
   effect of all levels members order rate.  Research shows that (1) the larger
   the environmental policy index, the greater the recycle proportion and the
   better the effect of weakening retailer's order rate in forward supply
   chain, which however, increasingly, strengthen the reverse supply chain
   bullwhip effect, (2) the shorter the recovery delay, the better the effect
   of weakening the forward supply chain bullwhip effect and the longer the
   recovery delay, which increasingly weakens the reverse supply chain bullwhip
   effect, and (3) the effect of environmental policy index on the bullwhip
   effect of all levels members order rate is more significant than recovery
   delay.

---

UT 454
AR Amare N, 2022, J ENV PUBLIC HEAL, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/8391616
TI RETRACTED: The Practices of Solid Waste Utility and Thriving Conditions of
   Logistics (a Case of Tepi Town): A Study to Treat the Healthy Environment
   (Retracted Article)
AU Amare N; Al-Bhadly O; Birhan M; Hamid SS; Mohamad AAH
TC 3
SO J ENV PUBLIC HEAL
PY 2022
AB Unwanted remains, discarded residues, and byproduct materials that are not
   required by the initial user are known as wastes.  In Ethiopia, improper
   solid waste management becomes endemic and it affects the health conditions,
   comforts, and freedom of town communities.  Improper solid waste management
   can also adversely affect infrastructure damages, socioeconomic conditions,
   and environmental and health problems.  So, awareness creation among the
   communities is necessary.  The main objective of the study was to assess the
   management of existing solid waste activities and reverse logistic systems
   in Tepi town.  The impacts of improper solid waste management were reduced
   through waste accumulation, transportation, recycling, and waste removal.
   Available pieces of information for the study were gathered from 450 near
   house places and 549 survivals.  The collected data were analyzed by using
   Vensim system dynamics software, and the obtained results were modeled by a
   system dynamic cause and effect relationship diagram.  Finally, the
   appropriate recommendations for communities, municipals, and institutions
   were provided.
ID management

---

UT 455
AR Tanure S, 2015, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V32, P658, DOI 10.1002/sres.2252
TI Bioeconomic Model of Decision Support System for Farm Management: Proposal
   of a Mathematical Model
AU Tanure S; Nabinger C; Becker JL
TC 12
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2015
AB The declining profitability of agriculture and livestock production,
   increasing climatic variations, and growing concern over the environmental
   impact of farming challenge farm management.  In this context, we propose a
   generalized mathematical bioeconomic macro model for livestock production
   systems.  This model resulted from a multidisciplinary effort to integrate
   major databases of climate, soil, plants, animals, and their economic
   aspects, searching for representing a livestock production similar to
   Brazilian systems of pasture-based beef cattle production.  This work is
   divided into four submodels: (i) herd structure and animal characteristics;
   (ii) animal nutrient requirements; (iii) meteorological-soil-pasture-animal
   integration; and (iv) economic.  We adopted the system dynamics modelling
   methodology, composed of differential and integral equations in structured
   iThink 9.1.4 software.  The equations herein proposed were adapted from pre-
   existing studies, and we intend to include them into a macro model in the
   future and use them to build different scenarios based on real data.
   Copyright (c) 2014 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
DE decision-making; farm production modeling; livestock production systems;
   mathematical framework
ID simulation model; part i; growth; performance; economics; thinking; risk;
   tool

---

UT 456
AR Hussain M, 2012, INT J LOGIST-RES APPL, V15, P231, DOI
   10.1080/13675567.2012.710599
TI Exploring the bullwhip effect using simulation and Taguchi experimental
   design
AU Hussain M; Saber H
TC 17
SO INT J LOGIST-RES APPL
PY 2012
AB This paper quantifies the impact of different causes of the bullwhip effect
   in a model of a multi-echelon supply chain with batching and information
   sharing.  System dynamics simulation, using iThink (R) software, has been
   initially used to explore the impact of various batch sizes on the bullwhip
   effect.  It has been observed that the relationship between batch size and
   demand amplification is non-monotonic.  Large batch sizes, which when
   combined in integer multiples can produce order rates that are close to the
   actual demand, produce little demand amplification.  Next, a combination of
   simulation and Taguchi design of experiments is applied to quantitatively
   measure the impact of different causes of the bullwhip effect and the
   interaction that occurs between these causes.  This is a contribution to the
   continuing research into controlling the bullwhip effect, giving supply
   chain operations managers a practical approach to understanding the impact
   of different causes of the bullwhip effect.
DE supply chain dynamics; bullwhip effect; batching; taguchi methods;
   simulation
ID supply chain; inventory; demand; impact; system; stability; dynamics;
   behavior

---

UT 457
AR Atiaja J, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16156640
TI Dynamic Simulation of Energy Scenarios in the Transition to Sustainable
   Mobility in the Ecuadorian Transport Sector
AU Atiaja J; Arroyo F; Hidalgo V; Erazo J; Remache A; Bravo D
TC 5
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB In Ecuador, the growth of the transportation sector has significantly
   increased greenhouse gas emissions.  According to experts, this sector
   currently contributes to 49.8% of total greenhouse gas emissions in this
   country.  This poses significant challenges for environmental
   sustainability, emphasizing the urgent need for effective strategies to
   mitigate these emissions and promote environmentally friendly practices.
   Therefore, this study focuses on developing a dynamic simulation of energy
   scenarios for the year 2035 in the transportation sector, with the goal of
   transitioning to sustainable mobility, as fossil fuels are the main
   pollutants in the country.  This study proposes system dynamics models using
   VENSIM 6.0b software to estimate the total energy demand and pollutant
   emissions in the transportation sector.  The results suggest that if Ecuador
   aligns with global mobility trends and implements public policies promoting
   the use of electric vehicles, total CO2 emissions could potentially decrease
   from 50,161,432 kilobarrels of oil equivalent (kBOE) to 20,589,720 kBOE by
   the year 2035.
DE dynamic simulation; energy demand; pollutant emissions; transport sector;
   sustainable mobility
ID vehicles

---

UT 458
AR Rojas-Palacios MN, 2022, ING COMPET, V24, DOI 10.25100/iyc.24i1.10986
TI Dynamic simulation of the benefits applying a coordination mechanism in a
   small agricultural producers decentralized supply chain
AU Rojas-Palacios MN; Paredes-Rodríguez AM; Peña-Orozco DL
TC 1
SO ING COMPET
PY 2022
AB The backup agreements are established between the supplier and the buyer to
   regulate the purchase of a good or service.  The contract constitutes a
   backup inventory for the final purchase order and strengthens the commercial
   relationship between buyer and seller.  The contract acts as a coordination
   mechanism in which parameters such as price, quantity, quality, and time are
   considered to improve the integration and coordination of the flows of
   resources, income, and information in the supply chain.  On the other hand,
   in a decentralized supply chain, small producers represent the echelon with
   the lowest profit generated their economic activity, so this article studies
   small producer<acute accent>s income performance once implemented the backup
   contract, in a decentralized three-echelon small agricultural producers
   supply chain located in the Center of Valle Del Cauca.  Systems dynamics is
   the strategy used for its analysis.  Variables that affect small producers'
   income performance in the decentralized chain are identified and a causal
   diagram is elaborated.  Also, two scenarios are studied using Forrester
   diagrams: Supply Chain without a backup contract and a second scenario with
   the Implementation of the backup contract.  Finally, it is simulated in
   Vensim software, results are interpreted, and future supply chain
   performance is analyzed.
DE backup contract; coordination mechanisms; decentralized supply chain;
   dynamic simulation; small producers
ID contracts

---

UT 459
AR Rudneva L, 2018, RESOURCES-BASEL, V7, DOI 10.3390/resources7020029
TI Scenario Modelling of the "Green" Economy in an Economic Space
AU Rudneva L; Pchelintseva I; Gureva M
TC 8
SO RESOUR
PY 2018
AB The article utilizes the main elements of system analysis and the bases of
   cognitive science to analyze the concept of the "ecological and economic
   system". The characteristics of the conceptual elements of the "green"
   economy dynamic model used in the application of cognitive analysis are
   given and their mutual influence is considered.  A dynamic model of the
   "green" economy is developed, a general extended map and a reduced-
   parametric cognitive map of the development of the "green" economy in the
   economic space of the region are constructed.  Scenario modelling of the
   development of the region's "green" economy based on the intensification of
   the influence of one of the cognitive vertices of the model on the curve of
   the development of the "green" economy is carried out and described.
   Scenario modelling and development of cognitive maps are carried out using
   the software package Vensim Personal Learning Edition (PLE), which is widely
   applied in system analysis.
DE green economy; cognitive modeling; cognitive maps; system dynamics; system
   dynamic model; development of the green economy; economic space of the
   region

---

UT 460
AR Martínez-Valderrama J, 2020, SCI PROGRAMMING-NETH, V2020, DOI
   10.1155/2020/9092829
TI AQUACOAST: A Simulation Tool to Explore Coastal Groundwater and Irrigation
   Farming Interactions
AU Martínez-Valderrama J; Ibáñez J; Alcalá FJ
TC 7
SO SCI PROGR
PY 2020
AB In the framework of coastal groundwater-dependent irrigation agriculture,
   modelling becomes indispensable to know how this renewable resource responds
   to complex (usually not conceptualized nor monitored) biophysical, social,
   and economic interactions.  Friendly user interfaces are essential to
   involve nonmodeling experts in exploiting and improving models.  Decision
   support systems (DSS) are software systems that integrate models, databases,
   or other decision aids and package them in a way that decision makers can
   use.  This paper addresses these two issues: firstly with the implementation
   of a System Dynamics (SD) model in Vensim software that considers the
   integration of hydrological, agronomic, and economic drivers and secondly
   with the design of a Venapp, push-button interfaces that allow users access
   to a Vensim model without going through the Vensim modelling environment.
   The prototype designed, the AQUACOAST tool, gives an idea of the
   possibilities of this type of models to identify and analyze the impact of
   apparently unrelated factors such as the prices of cultivated products,
   subsidies or exploitation costs on the advance of saltwater intrusion, and
   the great threat to coastal groundwater-dependent irrigation agriculture
   systems.
ID hydrological-economic model; data drylands application; decision-support-
   systems; seawater intrusion; amtoudi oasis; water; dynamics;
   desertification; sustainability; ecosystems

---

UT 461
AR Agyapong-Kodua K, 2011, INT J PROD RES, V49, P2143, DOI
   10.1080/00207540903436661
TI Systems approach to modelling cost and value dynamics in manufacturing
   enterprises
AU Agyapong-Kodua K; Weston RH
TC 11
SO INT J PROD RES
PY 2011
AB Operations and activities in manufacturing enterprises (MEs) are undergoing
   frequent changes as a result of external and internal factors which actively
   impact on the structures, processes and work patterns of most MEs.  These
   changes induce complexities and dynamics in the survival of most MEs.  As a
   result of the changes, cost and value generation are also affected.  To
   remain competitive, MEs have to continuously and flexibly adjust through the
   redesign and organisation of their processes and resource elements with the
   aim to improve key performance indicators including cost and values.  This
   is however not simple to achieve because of the inherent and ongoing
   dynamics experienced by MEs.  This paper shows how system dynamics modelling
   techniques, in the form of causal loop and iThink simulation, can be
   coherently used to capture salient factors which induce dynamics in MEs.
   The integrated modelling technique was further used to show how dynamic
   impacts of MEs on cost and value generation can be conveniently modelled and
   analysed to support decision making related to competitiveness and
   profitability of a case study furniture manufacturing company.
DE manufacturing enterprise ( me ); cost and value dynamics; causal loop
   modeling ( clm ); simulation modeling ( sm )
ID information-sources; support

---

UT 462
AR Min S, 2025, IND ENG MANAG SYST, V24, P29, DOI 10.7232/iems.2025.24.1.029
TI A Study on Determining Decoupling Points in Military Supply Chains for
   Uncertainty Mitigation
AU Min S; Kim T; Moon S
TC 0
SO IND ENG MANAG SYST
PY 2025
AB A decoupling point is a boundary where inventory-holding activities (push)
   and demand-responding activities (pull) meet in the supply chain.  This
   study employs simulation-based decision-making to determine the most
   suitable de coupling points to preserve maximum combat capabilities while
   mitigating future demand shocks within the military supply chain.  The
   ground ammunition supply chain model of the Republic of Korea Air Force
   (ROKAF) with three levels (echelons) is constructed.  Then, a simulated case
   study is performed using the system dynamics-based Vensim simulation
   software to determine relevant decoupling points.  In this case study, a
   situation is set up where the demand for ammunition spikes during a war.
   Through the total cost approach, it is concluded that the optimal strategy
   involves distributing an ideal amount of inventory to both the customer
   access points and the intermediate echelon.  This study has significant
   implications for supply chain decision-makers as it establishes the supply
   chain structure for anticipating uncertainties such as war solely by
   adjusting the location of the decoupling point through future-oriented
   decision making rather than relying on historical demand data.
DE decoupling point; military supply chain management; inventory location;
   uncertainty mitigation
ID vendor

---

UT 463
AR Zhang C, 2022, INT J TECHNOL WEB ENG, V17, DOI 10.4018/IJITWE.314569
TI Autocorrelation Regression Model Analysis and Selection of Cross-Border RMB
   Settlement From 2011 to 2020
AU Zhang C; Hu N; Yan Q
TC 1
SO INT J TECHNOL WEB ENG
PY 2022
AB With China's continuous opening to the outside world, changes in the
   international environment and the operation of the cross-border RMB
   settlement system (CIPS), the scale of cross-border RMB settlement has
   fluctuated continuously.  In response to this phenomenon, the authors
   collected and sorted out the total amount of RMB cross-border settlement and
   payments from 2011 to 2020 time sequence data in China, then use five AR
   models including ARMA, GARCH(1.1), EGARCH(1.1), PARCH(1.1), and CARCH(1.1)
   to fit.  The experimental results show that the four autocorrelation models
   all prove that the cross-border RMB settlement has autocorrelation
   relationship, and the long-term trend continues to grow up.  According to
   the precision and accuracy of the five models, the ARMA model equation is
   one optimal prediction equation.  On the basis of the ARMA model equation,
   and the establishment of the VENSIM system dynamics simulation model, the
   scale of China's cross-border RMB settlement in the next 10 years is
   predicted.
DE autocorrelation regression model; cross-border rmb; simulation prediction

---

UT 464
AR Mehrjerdi YZ, 2020, SN APPL SCI, V2, DOI 10.1007/s42452-020-03203-1
TI Dynamic analysis of health-related factors with its impacts on economic
   growth
AU Mehrjerdi YZ; Alemzadeh R; Hajimoradi A
TC 3
SO SN APPL SCI
PY 2020
AB The largest capital of a country is its human resources.  Given that Iran is
   one of the richest countries in terms of human resources, economic growth of
   the country depends upon the performance and efficiency of its human
   resources.  Special attention should be paid to the health of the society,
   especially the workforce.  Health is one of the factors that can play a
   major role in enhancing productivity by reducing staff absenteeism due to
   illness as well as increasing concentration of staff, improving performance
   and ultimately enhancing staff productivity.  It can provide for better and
   better production and services in the country, followed by growth and
   prosperity.  The purpose of the present study is to investigate the impacts
   of health-related factors on economic growth of the country.  Because of the
   complexity of the problem, we have used system dynamics approach to model
   problem.  The model was simulated using VENSIM computer software, and the
   results showed that by increasing the per capita exercise among the people
   of the country as well as improving the nutrition habit contribution to the
   long-term economic growth of the country while improving the country's
   health can occur.
DE dynamics; health; economic-growth; human resources; productivity

---

UT 465
AR Zhai WJ, 2024, KSCE J CIV ENG, V28, P6001, DOI 10.1007/s12205-024-2673-0
TI A Network Governance Model for Enhancing Socially Responsible Collective
   Action in Mega Water Transfer Projects
AU Zhai WJ; Ling FYY; Ding JY; Wang ZF
TC 0
SO KSCE J CIV ENG
PY 2024
AB Megaprojects need to be developed in a socially responsible manner as they
   may otherwise, like some mega water transfer (MWT) projects, cause
   ecological damage, environmental pollution, labor conflict, and other
   problems.  Socially responsible collective action (SRCA) can be measured
   through intentions to take collective action (internal driving mechanisms)
   and behaviors to engage in collective action (external driving mechanisms).
   This research aims to develop and validate a network governance model to
   explore how SRCA, in the context of MWT projects, is enhanced.  Data were
   collected from 365 respondents involved in MWT projects via an online
   survey.  System dynamics (SD) was used to establish the system flow diagram
   model.  Thereafter, Vensim PLE software was used to perform simulation and
   sensitivity analyses of the model.  The results demonstrate that the network
   governance model explains how to enhance the SRCA of stakeholders in MWT
   projects.  The main findings indicate that external driving mechanisms
   positively impact the SRCA during the entire project lifecycle, with values
   fluctuating around the initial level from the early to the mid-late stages,
   with small fluctuation.  Internal driving mechanisms also positively impact
   SRCA, with values continuously increasing from the early to the mid-late
   stage.
DE mega water transfer ( mwt ) projects; network governance theory; external
   driving mechanisms; internal driving mechanisms; socially responsible
   collective action ( srca )
ID corporate reputation; performance; management; dynamics; behaviors;
   participation; motivations

---

UT 466
AR Goudarzi Z, 2024, DARU, V32, P25, DOI 10.1007/s40199-023-00483-x
TI Towards greater impact in health technology assessment: System dynamic
   approach for new and emerging technologies in Iran
AU Goudarzi Z; Marzaleh MA; Nikfar S; Kebriaeezadeh A; Zenouz RY; Abdollahiasl
   A; Nouhi M
TC 1
SO DARU
PY 2024
AB PurposeAs classical health technology assessment models fail to predict the
   complexities of related impacts, the application of modeling techniques such
   as systems dynamics simulation (SD) is essential.  This study aimed to
   develop an SD model to predict the outcomes of access to a new medicine in
   Iran.MethodsThis study extracted the important and influential variables in
   providing access to new pharmaceutical technologies by comprehensively
   reviewing previous research and combining the technical knowledge of experts
   in this field.  The variables were incorporated into the systems thinking
   framework and modeled using dynamic systems tools, followed by simulation
   and testing in VENSIM. The model was piloted for deferoxamine and
   deferasirox in thalassemia.  Various tests were used to evaluate the
   validity and reliability of the model.  The model was designed for a ten-
   year horizon (2018-2028) for medicines selected as the pilot.ResultsThe
   variables extracted from the panel of experts encompassed the primary and
   short-term impacts of access to newly emerged medicine and long-term impacts
   regarding the economy, health, and society.  After modeling, the leverage
   points presented for the problem with the greatest impact or effectiveness
   in access to new medicine included the policy determining the amount of
   medicine supply, the import and production of medicine, the prevalence and
   incidence of disease, insurance coverage, and treatment
   adherence.ConclusionThe SD models allow the researchers to evaluate the
   efficiency and health outcomes of a new pharmaceutical more precisely in the
   health system in Iran.
DE new medicine; dynamic modeling; health technology assessment; horizon
   scanning
ID cancer; care

---

UT 467
AR Ndubuisi UM, 2025, ENV MODEL ASSESS, DOI 10.1007/s10666-025-10083-5
TI Evaluating the Effect of Adaptation Policies on Crop Yield, Economic Growth
   and Water Resources: A DPSIR-Based Analysis for the Niger River Basin Under
   Shared Socioeconomic Pathways-Representative Concentration Pathways (SSP-
   RCPS) (2014-2100)
AU Ndubuisi UM; Guipponi C
TC 0
SO ENV MODEL ASSESS
PY 2025
AB Climate change poses significant threats to agricultural productivity and
   water resources in vulnerable regions like the Niger River Basin (NRB). This
   study evaluates the impacts of climate change and adaptation strategies on
   crop yield, economic growth, and water resources in the NRB section in
   Nigeria under five Shared Socioeconomic Pathway-Representative Concentration
   Pathway (SSP-RCP) scenarios (2014-2100). Using an improved DPSIR (Driving
   Forces, Pressures, States, Impacts, and Responses) framework implemented in
   Vensim PLE 10.2.2, we integrated climate projections, agronomic responses,
   and policy interventions to assess system dynamics.  Three adaptation
   pathways which include irrigated cropland expansion, afforestation, and
   mixed approaches were evaluated, revealing that aggressive interventions
   could restore yields to low-emission (SSP1-1.9) levels but at high economic
   and ecological costs in higher nitrogen pollution, but sufficient economic
   and ecological tradeoffs exist when adaptation pathways is combined with
   mitigation effort, with improvement in water use and nitrogen remediation.
   Multi-objective optimization prioritized forest-based strategies as optimal
   for balancing agricultural and ecological goals.  These findings underscore
   the critical need for integrated mitigation-adaptation policies to enhance
   climate resilience in the NRB.
DE niger river-basin; dpsir model; climate scenario; adaptation pathways
ID smallholder farming systems; climate-change; west-africa; precipitation;
   temperature; extremes

---

UT 468
AR Mbuta DM, 2022, SCI REP, V12, DOI 10.1038/s41598-022-24339-7
TI Household perception and infestation dynamics of bedbugs among residential
   communities and its potential distribution in Africa
AU Mbuta DM; Khamis FM; Sokame BM; Ng'ong'a F; Akutse KS
TC 7
SO SCI REP
PY 2022
AB Bedbugs have experienced an extraordinary upsurge in the recent past across
   the world.  This cross-sectional study aimed to explore the community
   perception of the pest outbreaks, the population dynamics, and dispersal
   patterns under different habitat systems.  A survey was conducted within
   communities in nine counties in Kenya, where geographical coordinates of the
   sites of bedbug presence were recorded and maximum entropy distribution
   modelling (MaxEnt) was used to map and predict the potentially suitable
   habitat, while system thinking and system dynamics approach with Vensim PLE
   8.0.9 software was applied to implement bedbug infestation dynamics.  Our
   results indicated that majority of the respondents had ample knowledge on
   bedbugs and were concerned about the physico-psychologic and socio-economic
   health effects.  Spatial distribution analysis showed regions in Kenya with
   optimal to suitable for bedbug occurrence in the whole country, and similar
   results were found at continental level across Africa.  Furthermore,
   infestation dynamics results showed a rapid mobility of bedbug from one
   house to another.  In terms of management strategies, the models showed that
   the combination of chemical with other control methods was considerably much
   more effective compared to the use of chemical approach only, appointing
   integrated pest management strategy as a better intervention approach in
   controlling the pest.
ID tropical bed bug; hemiptera cimicidae; cimex-lectularius; virus;
   togaviridae; alphavirus; prediction; resistance; maxent; pests

---

UT 469
AR Tan KS, 2010, BUS PROCESS MANAG J, V16, P871, DOI 10.1108/14637151011076511
TI Sustainable enterprise modelling and simulation in a warehousing context
AU Tan KS; Ahmed MD; Sundaram D
TC 29
SO BUS PROCESS MANAG J
PY 2010
AB Purpose - The paper seeks to propose the concept of sustainable enterprise
   simulation models.  The social, environmental and economic models are
   developed and simulated using iThink in the context of a warehousing and
   distribution company.  Design/methodology/approach - The paper has leveraged
   the systems dynamic paradigm to conduct sustainable enterprise modelling and
   iThinke system to implement the models.  It uses the design science research
   methodology for the proof of concept of the models and modelling processes.
   The models have been developed for a logistics management company and tested
   in the business settings.  These models were finalised through a number of
   revisions and iterations of the design, develop, simulate and test and
   evaluate.  Findings - The paper addresses the interconnectivity between
   disparate sustainability dimensions for developing the models.  The validity
   and usefulness of the sustainability models for the day-to-day decision
   making has been authenticated by the management of the warehousing
   organisation.  Originality/value - The paper implements system dynamics
   concepts of sustainability modelling and produces models of various
   sustainability dimensions which are original in nature and evolution.  While
   the domain in which sustainable enterprise modelling was carried out was
   warehousing, the concepts and principles that were explored, developed and
   validated is applicable across most enterprises.
DE modeling; sustainable development; warehousing

---

UT 470
AR Liu K, 2024, SAF SCI, V173, DOI 10.1016/j.ssci.2024.106442
TI Study on construction safety management in megaprojects from the perspective
   of resilient governance
AU Liu K; Liu YM; Kou YY
TC 35
SO SAF SCI
PY 2024
AB The interior and exterior environments of megaprojects are extremely complex
   and construction safety has long been a concern.  However, effective
   prevention, response and adaptation of construction safety incidents remains
   difficult.  Therefore, this study uses the construction safety accident
   process as an entry point to construct an indicator system of construction
   safety impact factors for megaprojects based on a resilient governance
   perspective.  The entropy-weighted TOPSIS method is used to assign weights
   to the influence factors, and a system dynamics model for building safety
   for megaprojects is developed.  Moreover, the Vensim software was used to
   simulate the pattern of the influence of different factors on construction
   safety under different conditions.  The findings suggest that optimizing and
   enhancing institutional resilience, organizational resilience, engineering
   resilience, technological resilience, and infrastructural resilience in
   megaprojects can improve the ability to prevent, respond to, and adapt to
   construction safety incidents.  Engineering resilience (27.28%) and
   technological resilience (21.72%) are the most important and have the
   strongest effect on preventing and controlling construction safety risks.
   Moreover, degrading the complexity of construction safety risks and real-
   time adjustment of safety risk control strategies through resilient means
   can reduce risk management delays and effectively improve the efficiency of
   construction safety management.
DE construction safety; megaprojects; resilient governance; dynamic system
ID health; community; climate; cities; system; delay

---

UT 471
AR Mo HP, 2022, MATH PROBL ENG, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/5506338
TI Partner Matching Mechanism of Hainan Cold Chain Logistics Based on
   Multiobjective Optimization
AU Mo HP; Deng C; Chen YT; Huang YC
TC 4
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2022
AB With the sustained and rapid development of the economy, the food
   consumption structure has changed correspondingly and the market of cold and
   fresh products has developed rapidly, which puts forward the matching of
   cold chain logistics.  Under the background of the construction of the belt
   and road and the pilot-free trade zone, the organic integration of the fresh
   agricultural products market and industry in Hainan is facing opportunities
   and challenges.  In particular, in-depth research on the design and planning
   of the entire logistics system has not been carried out and the research on
   the distribution vehicle routing problem is still in the initial stage.
   This paper combs the relevant policies of cold chain logistics development
   in Hainan province.  Given the imperfect system, the lack of policy
   guarantee measures, and the lack of regionality of the policy objective
   system, this paper puts forward some suggestions for improvement.  The
   effective inventory control model of Hainan fresh agricultural products
   under cold chain logistics is explored by using the inventory management
   theory and the related theory of system dynamics.  The simulation is carried
   out by using Vensim software, which provides a reference for improving the
   status of cold chain logistics of fresh agricultural products in Hainan.  By
   saving funds, the profits of cold and fresh products are increased and the
   market competitiveness is improved.
ID fresh agricultural products; low-carbon; perspective; location

---

UT 472
AR Quintero C, 2020, CIENC ING, V41, P175
TI Modeling water balance using variable crop coefficient for the
   evapotranspiration sub procces
AU Quintero C; Ablan M; Sarmiento L
TC 0
SO CIENC ING
PY 2020
AB In this work, a water balance model was assembled, taking into consideration
   the main subprocesses involved in the water balance such as:
   evapotranspiration, runoff, drainage, interception and infiltration.  To do
   thiss, we have a database from Mixteque's town located in the Rangel
   Municipality in the state of Merida, which has climatic, edaphic and water
   process records in potato agroecosystems.  The datset is referred to a
   potato growing cycle.  The model is developed with Vensim simulation
   software, based on an environment of system dynamics.  The evaluation was
   done by contrasting the series of simulated values versus the data, in the
   subprocesses of: water content in the soil, drainage and runoff, this was
   done thanks to the fact that a module was incorporated into the model, which
   allows verifying the adjustment of the simulated values versus the series of
   data, through the percentage of the mean square error, having as an
   advantage, that can be identified, the possible deficiencies for its
   subsequent improvement.  On the other hand, the percentage of the mean
   square error in the water content in the soil yielded an average value of
   12% which can be considered as a good simulation.  Additionally, this model
   has the autonomy of being able to modify the equations that govern the
   different threads, consequently, it can be adapted to different scenarios to
   which it is initially designed.
DE water balance; system dynamics; models; evapotranspiration; simulation

---

UT 473
AR Akinmoladun A, 2026, ENERGY, V11, DOI 10.1016/j.nxener.2026.100529
TI Comparative assessment of potential for plus-energy buildings: A case study
   of cities in North Dakota, United States
AU Akinmoladun A; Ajao A; Oni BA; Tomomewo O
TC 0
SO ENERGY
PY 2026
AB Plus-Energy Buildings (PEBs) are gaining importance in the pursuit of
   climate neutrality.  The proportion of solar energy as a renewable energy
   source is also increasing.  This article assesses the practicality of PEBs
   and appropriate installation angles to ensure optimal performance of the
   photovoltaic (PV) panels in the cold climate of North Dakota, United States.
   In the evaluated scenarios, with appropriate sizing of the PV and a
   reduction in energy consumption profile, the contribution ratios are above
   1.0, and a PEB could be achieved in the study locations.  The result shows
   that the annual amount of electrical demand covered by PV power output
   varies from 42% to 67% according to the seasonal variations of PV-load
   correlation.  Additionally, there was an annual energy autonomy of 40%,
   satisfactory load-matching indices, and approximately a 40% decrease in
   global warming potentials.  Due to North Dakota's lower levels of solar
   radiation, the building's energy balance is negative throughout the winter.
   This work highlights the significance of the system dynamics (SD) approach
   in establishing the energy interaction between the building, grid, and PV
   modeling using local climatic conditions in Vensim software.  The study
   contributes to the literature by examining the adequacy of solar energy in
   cold climates and appropriate scenarios for building to achieve PEB using an
   SD approach.  Finally, we present future research priorities to promote the
   adoption of PEBs.
DE plus-energy building; plus-energy district; load matching; grid interaction
ID photovoltaic systems; performance; optimization; design

---

UT 474
AR Kramarz M, 2015, LOGFORUM, V11, P99, DOI 10.17270/J.LOG.2015.1.9
TI GATHERING KNOWLEDGE ABOUT DISRUPTIONS IN MATERIAL FLOW IN NETWORK SUPPLY
   CHAIN
AU Kramarz M; Kramarz W
TC 4
SO LOGFORUM
PY 2015
AB Background: The article aims at presenting a study into disruptions in a
   network supply chain of metallurgic products.  The research was carried out
   in the years 2011-2013. Network supply chains include key chain links for
   building the resistance.  These chain links affect material flows of the
   whole supply chain through silencing disruptions.  Those predisposed to form
   a strategy strengthening the resistance of the whole network supply chain
   are organizations fulfilling the assumptions of flagship enterprise.
   Material and methods: The research is carried out in two stages: the stage
   of identification of disruptions (risk factors) and the stage of
   identification of strengthening disruptions zones.  The authors carried out
   simulation experiments based on three models built in the management system
   dynamics technique (VensimDSS). The proposed methodology required
   constructing original tools for measuring disruptions and zones
   strengthening the disruptions in the form of cards for measuring
   disruptions.  Results: The value added is grouping of disruptions in risk
   factors distinguished in terms of the frequency of the occurrence of
   disruptions and their results.  The authors proposed and defined the notion
   of zones of strengthening disruptions.  The zones are formed from sets of
   factors strengthening disruptions with similar influence on disruptions.
   Conclusions: The IT system composed of a module for identification of
   disruptions in material flows and a simulation model is a proposal dedicated
   to organizations controlling material flows in a network supply chain in the
   conditions of disruptions.
DE gathering knowledge; flagship enterprise; network supply chain; disruptions

---

UT 475
AR Yan HS, 2011, EUR J OPER RES, V208, P243, DOI 10.1016/j.ejor.2010.09.005
TI Competitive diffusion process of repurchased products in knowledgeable
   manufacturing
AU Yan HS; Ma KP
TC 24
SO EUR J OPER RES
PY 2011
AB This paper presents a diffusion model to explain the competitive diffusion
   of the repurchased products in knowledgeable manufacturing The acute market
   competition accelerates the products improvement which requires that the
   manufacturing enterprises be highly capable of rapid reaction by means of
   knowledgeable manufacturing To forecast the diffusion behavior effectively
   enables the realization of knowledgeable manufacturing system (KMS) which
   targets T (time) Q (quality) C (cost) S (service) and E (environment)
   Various diffusion models have emerged since Bass model was firstly proposed
   in 1969 A nonlinear model of the repurchased competitive products is
   proposed on the basis of the product diffusion analysis By taking the
   frequently purchased products as example the stability of the model is
   examined in light of the qualitative theory of differential equations and
   proved by the approximate linearization method As the qualitative analysis
   reveals between the two frequently purchased products competing in the same
   market one undoubtedly occupies a fixed market share while the other may
   finally be eliminated from the market A special case of the problem is that
   both products are one-time-purchased With the corresponding model given the
   qualitative analysis shows that either of the products occupies a market
   share the size of which is determined by the product s competitive strength
   and the new product s time-to-market A system dynamics model is then
   established and simulated by vensim The result is consistent with that of
   the qualitative analysis (C) 2010 Elsevier B V All rights reserved
DE marketing; productivity and competitiveness; competitive diffusion;
   knowledgeable manufacturing; stability
ID model; innovation; information

---

UT 476
AR Martínez-Valderrama J, 2020, SCI PROGRAMMING-NETH, V2020, DOI
   10.1155/2020/7563928
TI SAT: A Software for Assessing the Risk of Desertification in Spain
AU Martínez-Valderrama J; Ibáñez J; Alcalá FJ; Martínez S
TC 12
SO SCI PROGR
PY 2020
AB Desertification is a major global environmental issue exacerbated by climate
   change.  Strategies to combat desertification include prevention which seeks
   to reverse the process before the system reaches the stable desertified
   state.  One of these initiatives is to implement early warning tools.  This
   paper presents SAT (the Spanish acronym for Early Warning System), a
   decision support system (DSS), for assessing the risk of desertification in
   Spain, where 20% of the land has already been desertified and 1% is in
   active degradation.  SATrelies on three versions of a Generic
   Desertification Model (GDM) that integrates economics and ecology under the
   predator-prey paradigm.  The models have been programmed using Vensim, a
   type of software used to build and simulate System Dynamics (SD) models.
   Through Visual Basic programming, these models are operated from the Excel
   environment.  In addition to the basic simulation exercises, specially
   designed tools have been coupled to assess the risk of desertification and
   determine the ranking of the most influential factors of the process.  The
   users targeted by SAT are government land-use planners as well as
   desertification experts.  SAT tool is implemented for five case studies,
   each one of them representing a desertification syndrome identified in
   Spain.  Given the general nature of the tool and the fact that all United
   Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD) signatory countries are
   committed to developing their National Plans to Combat Desertification
   (NPCD), SAT could be exported to regions threatened by desertification and
   expanded to cover more case studies.
ID hydrological-economic model; data drylands application; decision-support-
   systems; land-use change; amtoudi oasis; stability; degradation;
   overexploitation; sustainability; methodology

---

UT 477
AR Wang WB, 2021, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/2877467
TI Dynamic Modeling and Simulation of How Information Sharing Influences Supply
   Chain Performance
AU Wang WB; Chi RY
TC 1
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2021
AB With the growing intensity of cooperation, the partners in the manufacturing
   supply chain (SC) raise stricter requirements for information sharing (IS)
   within the SC, which has been an effective capability to improve the
   performance of manufacturing SC. To reveal the influence of IS on SC
   performance, this paper firstly carries out a theoretical analysis on the
   influencing factors of IS, SC integration and SC performance, and builds a
   theoretical model of the IS's impacting on SC performance.  Next, valid
   index data were obtained by investigating typical manufacturing enterprises
   in Yangtze River Delta region of China.  Then, according to the dynamics
   system flow of IS influence on SC performance, the proposed theoretical
   model would be modeled from system dynamics and simulated by Vensim PLE
   software.  The results show that IS among manufacturing SC nodes enhances
   the SC performance via SC integration; when SC integration is suitable for
   IS, SC performance will be improved as long as the IS amount is greater than
   zero; however, excessive IS would reduce the quality and weaken the amount
   of IS; overall, the degree of IS and SC integration are the key to better SC
   performance.  This implies that how to improve IS among SC partners is a
   very important thing in manufacturing SC management.  And, it also
   enlightens that enterprise managers should pay attention to establish a
   high-level trust relationship with SC partners, achieve high-quality IS with
   a wider range, and then promote the SC system more integrated to improve its
   operational performance.
ID impact; quality

---

UT 478
AR Hussain M, 2011, INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG, V41, P972, DOI
   10.1108/09600031111185248
TI Analysis of the bullwhip effect with order batching in multi-echelon supply
   chains
AU Hussain M; Drake PR
TC 18
SO INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG
PY 2011
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to understand the effect of batching
   on bullwhip effect in a model of multi-echelon supply chain with information
   sharing.  Design/methodology/approach - The model uses the system dynamics
   and control theoretic concepts of variables, flows and feedback processes
   and is implemented using iThink (R) software.  Findings - It has been seen
   that the relationship between batch size and demand amplification is non-
   monotonic.  Large batch sizes, that when combined in integer multiples can
   produce order rates that are close to the actual demand, produce little
   demand amplification, i.e.  it is the size of the remainder of the quotient
   that is the determinant.  It is further noted that the value of information
   sharing is greatest for smaller batch sizes, for which there is a much
   greater improvement in the amplification ratio.  Research
   limitations/implications - Batching is associated with the inventory holding
   and backlog cost.  Therefore, future work should investigate the cost
   implications of order batching in multi-echelon supply chains.  Practical
   implications - This is a contribution to the continuing research into the
   bullwhip effect, giving supply chain operations managers and designers a
   practical way into controlling the bullwhip produced by batching across
   multi-echelon supply chains.  Originality/value - Previous similar studies
   have used control theoretic techniques and it has been pointed out that
   control theorists are unable to solve the lot sizing problem.  Therefore,
   system dynamic simulation has been applied to investigate the impact of
   various batch sizes on bullwhip effect.
DE supply chain management; batch size; batch processing; bullwhip effect;
   batching; information sharing; multi-echelon supply chain; simulation
ID inventory; demand; impact; simulation; stability; dynamics; behavior; system

---

UT 479
AR Jurjevic M, 2024, J MAR SCI ENG, V12, DOI 10.3390/jmse12071218
TI Simulation Model of Hydraulic System States for Ship Cranes
AU Jurjevic M
TC 3
SO J MAR SCI ENG
PY 2024
AB The aim of this research is to devise a continuous simulation model for
   predicting ship crane failures to increase their reliability and reduce
   unplanned downtime during cargo loading and unloading operations.  To
   predict the condition of the hydraulic system, a database from the GALIOT
   software package was used for carrying out maintenance on cranes at m/v "O"
   over a period of 120,000 working hours.  In the research, fault tree
   analysis (FTA) was used to identify causal relationships between system
   failures and basic events, while the Markov mathematical model was used to
   model the system state and predict transitions between different failure
   states.  A system dynamics simulation model was developed to simulate the
   behavior of a system using POWERSIM PowerSim Constructor 2.5.d (4002), and
   regression analysis was performed to analyze the simulation results and
   understand the relationships between dependent and independent variables.
   The results show that a model for predicting failures in the hydraulic
   motors and pumps of ship cranes was developed, and the Markov model makes it
   possible to estimate the frequency of transitions between states under the
   condition that the sum of reliability equals one.  The simulation model
   shows high reliability of the cranes and a constant frequency of failures
   throughout the 120,000 operating hours, while the regression analysis
   confirms the validity of the simulation model and shows a strong correlation
   between the analyzed variables.  These models are used to improve the
   planning of ship crane maintenance, reduce unplanned downtime, and predict
   and promptly detect failures, which overall minimizes maintenance costs and
   failures.
DE ship cranes; system reliability; fault tree analysis ( fta ); markov model;
   simulation model; galiot software package
ID dynamic reliability

---

UT 480
AR Mishra MK, 2015, ENERGY STRATEG REV, V7, P29, DOI 10.1016/j.esr.2015.03.001
TI Scenario analysis of the CO2 emissions reduction potential through clean
   coal technology in India's power sector: 2014-2050
AU Mishra MK; Khare N; Agrawal AB
TC 37
SO ENERGY STRATEG REV
PY 2015
AB The aim of this study is to explore the CO2 emission reduction potential
   through clean coal technology in India's power sector.  A simulation model
   of India's coal-fired power sector based on system dynamics methodology
   (Vensim DSS platform) investigates three growth scenarios for coal-fired
   plants until the year 2050. Three further scenarios consider the market
   penetration of clean coal technology to investigate CO2 emission reduction
   until 2050 for each of the growth scenarios.  Our analysis indicates that
   clean coal technology has significant potential for reducing CO2 emissions
   from India's power sector by accelerating the development of clean coal
   technology.  The future coal demand and coal import requirements for India
   under different growth scenarios of coal-fired power plants have also been
   estimated in this study.  The study suggests that coal demand and
   importation from India will increase at a faster pace in the coming decades.
   According to IPCC's latest assessment report, CO2 emissions must be reduced
   by between 40% and 70% by 2050 from the 2010 level to limit the global
   temperature rise to two degrees centigrade relative to pre-industrial
   levels.  Projected carbon emissions in this work from India's coalfired
   power plants would exceed their share in global emissions assumed in the
   IPCC's latest assessment.  Our model simulation indicates that only CO2
   capture and storage have the potential to reduce the emissions level from
   India's coal-fired plants to the desired level in the report.  (C) 2015
   Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.

---

UT 481
AR Brewster RK, 2019, HUM-WILDL INTERACT, V13, P400
TI Cost-benefit analysis of coyote removal as a management option in Texas
   cattle ranching
AU Brewster RK; Henke SE; Turner BL; Tomecek JM; Ortega-S A
TC 1
SO HUM-WILDL INTERACT
PY 2019
AB The monetary value of livestock losses attributed to coyote (Canis latrans)
   predation in North America has increased during the past 20 years.  In
   Texas, USA alone in 2011, these loses were estimated at $6.9 million.  To
   mitigate coyote-related livestock losses, several lethal and nonlethal
   control methods have been developed.  However, there remains a need for
   better information to guide management decisions regarding cost-effective
   predator control strategies for livestock production systems.  We acquired
   data, which was used in the model, from published literature from 1960 to
   present day, subject matter experts, and anecdotal information on coyote
   ecology.  We developed a systems dynamics simulation model to evaluate the
   economic impact of coyote control on an average-sized cattle (Bos spp.)
   operation (1,000 ha) for a conceptual 10-year period in Texas.  We conducted
   a sensitivity analyses to validate the model and identify the most sensitive
   parameters.  We tested 88 scenarios using common coyote management methods
   (i.e., aerial gunning, M-44 devices, snares, livestock guard animals (LGAs),
   calling and shooting, and foothold traps), combinations of multiple
   management methods, and number of applications per year (once per year,
   twice per year, continuous). Several management methods were cost effective
   at reducing calf predation when applied sparingly and under assumptions of
   skillful and dedicated application of coyote control methods.  The most
   cost-effective method of coyote control to reduce calf depredation was the
   combined use of snares and LGAs.  When applied 1 month prior to the primary
   calving month, the snare/LGA combination showed an 81% decrease in overall
   costs of calf loss and predator management during the 10-year period,
   respectively.  Cost effectiveness of methods deteriorated as the number of
   applications per year increased.  While these are useful results, the
   intangible values of coyotes through grazing benefits (i.e., fewer prey
   species such as lagomorphs on the landscape to compete for forage with
   cattle) and ecological benefits (i.e., mitigation of meso-predator release)
   were not included in the model.  However, these benefits should be
   considered by ranchers before implementing lethal coyote management.
DE bos spp; canis-latrans; cattle depredation; control; cost-benefit; coyote;
   removal; texas; vensim
ID relative vulnerability; canis-latrans; predation; depredations; wolf

---

UT 482
AR Marín-González O, 2018, AGRIC SYST, V164, P152, DOI
   10.1016/j.agsy.2018.02.005
TI Building and evaluation of a dynamic model for assessing impact of
   smallholder endowments on food security in agricultural systems in highland
   areas of central America (SASHACA)
AU Marín-González O; Parsons D; Arnes-Prieto E; Díaz-Ambrona CGH
TC 8
SO AGRIC SYST
PY 2018
AB Smallholder agricultural systems have an important role in world food
   production.  Agricultural smallholders in highland areas of the Mesoamerican
   dry-corridor are central to improve farming systems.  The key issue is that
   the subsistence smallholders are joint producer-consumers, with insufficient
   food production due to extreme environmental and weather conditions or
   incomes to supplement their own production from market sources.  Modelling
   offers an approach for testing and improving knowledge about complex
   systems.  The aim of this paper is to describe and assess a biophysical and
   socio-economic model of the smallholder agricultural systems based on maize-
   bean intercropping in highland areas of Central America.  A Vensim (R) DSS
   system dynamics model was developed for assessing the impact of Smallholder
   endowments on food security and to identify critical points to achieve
   sustainable food security and poverty alleviation in Agricultural Systems in
   Highland Areas of Central America (SASHACA). The SASHACA model integrates
   scientific and practical knowledge of crop management, labour, soil water
   content, soil nitrogen, food consumption and economic components of the
   system.  Model evaluation was conducted through a wide set of tests for
   assessment of dynamic models and statistical comparison of simulated versus
   observed data derived from surveys.  The model simulates realistic outputs
   and presents logical behavioural representation.  The maximum relative
   uncertainty of output variables ranged from 30% to 53% for univariate and
   multivariate sensitivity analyses respectively.  The model proved to be
   adequate for assessing food security under scenarios in low data
   availability areas.  The SASHACA model could be adapted to simulate a wide
   range of smallholder agricultural systems in highland areas of Central
   America, and potentially in other locations.
DE bean; intercropping; maize; modelling nutrition; sustainable development
ID simulation-models; senegal river; crop; management; poverty; soils; kenya

---

UT 483
AR Hussain M, 2011, INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG, V41, P797, DOI
   10.1108/09600031111166438
TI Analysis of the bullwhip effect with order batching in multi-echelon supply
   chains
AU Hussain M; Drake PR
TC 30
SO INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG
PY 2011
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to analyze the effect of batching on
   bullwhip effect in a model of multi-echelon supply chain with information
   sharing.  Design/methodology/approach - The model uses the system dynamics
   and control theoretic concepts of variables, flows, and feedback processes
   and is implemented using iThink (R) software.  Findings - It has been seen
   that the relationship between batch size and demand amplification is non-
   monotonic.  Large batch sizes, when combined in integer multiples, can
   produce order rates that are close to the actual demand and produce little
   demand amplification, i.e.  it is the size of the remainder of the quotient
   that is the determinant.  It is further noted that the value of information
   sharing is greatest for smaller batch sizes, for which there is a much
   greater improvement in the amplification ratio.  Research
   limitations/implications - Batching is associated with the inventory holding
   and backlog cost.  Therefore, future work should investigate the cost
   implications of order batching in multi-echelon supply chains.  Practical
   implications - This is a contribution to the continuing research into the
   bullwhip effect, giving supply chain operations managers and designers a
   practical way into controlling the bullwhip produced by batching across
   multi-echelon supply chains.  Economies of scale processes usually favor
   large batch sizes.  Reducing batch size in order to reduce the demand
   amplification is not a good solution.  Originality/value - Previous similar
   studies have used control theoretic techniques and it has been pointed out
   that control theorists are unable to solve the lot sizing problem.
   Therefore, system dynamic simulation is then applied to investigate the
   impact of various batch sizes on bullwhip effect.
DE bullwhip effect; batching; information sharing; multi-echelon supply chain;
   simulation; supply chain management; inventory management
ID inventory; demand; simulation; impact; multiproduct; dynamics; behavior;
   system

---

UT 484
AR Hao JLJ, 2010, ENG CONSTR ARCHIT MA, V17, P476, DOI
   10.1108/09699981011074574
TI Dynamic modeling of construction and demolition waste management processes
   An empirical study in Shenzhen, China
AU Hao JLJ; Tam VWY; Yuan HP; Wang JY; Li JR
TC 25
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2010
AB Purpose - The aim of this paper is to develop a model based on system
   dynamics (SD) approach, which integrates three subsystems for simulating
   construction and demolition (C&D) waste management in Shenzhen, Mainland
   China.  D Design/methodology/approach - SD approach was first used to
   construct the model for C&D waste management in Shenzhen.  The model was
   then converted for running on computer through the software package
   "iThink", which was specifically designed for SD modeling.  The data
   required for model simulation was derived through various ways, including
   literature review, examination of official reports and yearbooks, and
   questionnaires.  After all the parameters in the model were determined,
   simulation was carried out.  Findings - The model proposed in this research
   can provide an experimental simulation platform to investigate the
   complexity and interdependencies of factors in managing C&D waste in
   Shenzhen, Mainland China.  The simulation results show that the pressing
   situation of C&D waste management in Shenzhen would aggravate if no
   effective measures were taken to address it during the simulation period.
   Participants' active participation and cost consideration are the two major
   factors affecting C&D waste reduction.  Furthermore, new landfills should be
   planned to properly handle the C&D waste accumulated in Shenzhen over the
   past few years.  Originality/value - Although some studies have been
   conducted under the topic of C&D waste management during the past few years
   in Shenzhen - how to effectively and efficiently handle the waste is still
   unsolved.  Factors affecting the effectiveness of C&D waste management have
   separately been examined in the previous studies, without considering their
   interrelations.  The SD-based model is developed in this research to
   investigate the complex and interdependent relationships among these
   factors.  The model can deepen participants' understandings about C&D waste
   management and help explore the major factors affecting the effectiveness of
   management activities.  The measures, which are proposed based on the
   simulation results, can serve as a valuable reference for planning C&D waste
   management in Shenzhen.
DE simulation; construction engineering; waste management; china
ID system

---

UT 485
AR Yousefi S, 2022, INT J ENV SCI TECHNOL, V19, P10691, DOI
   10.1007/s13762-022-04469-1
TI Designing an investment model and developing irrigation systems for
   sustainable management of water resources using a dynamic systems approach
AU Yousefi S; Mirdamadi SM; Hosseini SJF; Lashgarara F
TC 1
SO INT J ENV SCI TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB Unsustainable groundwater management in Iran threatens the agriculture
   sector and food security because 62% of the country's lands are irrigated
   through groundwater, while the irrigation efficiency of this sector is low
   (35%). Therefore, it is necessary to manage groundwater level.  This study
   was conducted aimed to achieve the sustainability of water resources in West
   Azerbaijan Province using system dynamics approach.  Using statistical data
   of previous years (1991-2018), the model was developed by VENSIM software.
   After testing the model and ensuring its efficiency, scenarios of investment
   and development of irrigation systems to improve the annual irrigation
   efficiency by 0.5% were introduced to the model and implemented in order to
   investigate the effectiveness of other scenarios such as enhancing
   population (fertility stability with rate of 2.11 children, reduction in
   fertility with fertility rate of 1.95 children, reduction in fertility with
   fertility rate of 1.5 children and increase in fertility with fertility rate
   of 2.6 children) and climate (normal precipitation, -20% and + 20%), low-
   water use crop pattern, 20% reduction in area under cultivation,
   participation and educational scenarios in combination in the model.
   According to the study results, with the continuation of the current crop
   pattern under all population scenarios and precipitation, agricultural water
   demand from groundwater is constantly increasing and water supply is
   reducing.  The scenario of development of irrigation systems in combination
   with other research scenarios, with a reduction by 48.23% in the demand for
   agricultural water from groundwater increased available groundwater under
   drought (-20% of precipitation) 3.05 times, in normal precipitation 1.59
   times and by increasing precipitation (+ 20%) 1.07 times by 2051. Under
   these scenarios, with a 15% improvement in irrigation efficiency and an
   increase by 1.32 in agricultural water use efficiency, total water
   production will increase by 20.47% and total profit will increase by 26.87%
   by 2051. Therefore, the continuation of these policies can become a
   sustainable model in the agriculture sector and help the sustainability of
   water resources by preventing reducing groundwater levels.
DE climatic scenarios; economic-policy making scenarios; groundwater resources;
   improving the cropping pattern; management activities; simulation
ID optimal cropping pattern; climate-change; river-basin; optimization;
   simulation; demand; agriculture; scarcity; impacts; land

---

UT 486
AR Mustafa HM, 2025, IEEE TRANS IND CYBER-PHYS SYST, V3, P525, DOI
   10.1109/TICPS.2025.3597906
TI Augmenting Decision-Making of Human-in-the-Loop Operators for Resilient
   Cyber-Power Systems
AU Mustafa HM; Patari N; Basumallik S; Srivastava AK
TC 1
SO IEEE TRANS IND CYBER-PHYS SYST
PY 2025
AB Human operators in Industrial Cyber-Physical Systems (ICPS), such as
   electric power systems, are responsible for critical, real-time decision-
   making in control centers.  They often rely on Decision Support Tools
   (DSTs), but multi-modal feedback can lead to cognitive and information
   overload, especially during extreme events.  As human involvement increases,
   ICPS are evolving into Cyber-Physical Human Systems (CPHS) and Cyber-
   Physical Social Systems (CPSS), where human cognition and machine
   intelligence are tightly integrated.  This work investigates human-machine
   cooperation using the Cyber-Physical Transmission Resiliency Assessment
   Metric (CP-TRAM), a DST that integrates physical and cyber alerts to support
   collaborative decision-making.  We developed a laboratory-based human-in-
   the-loop setup simulating a power grid control room, where CP-TRAM and the
   Cyber-Power Alarm Tool visualize real-time alarms due to physical and cyber
   events.  An industry-grade operator training software, PowerSimulator, is
   used to create training scenarios on a synthetic model of Washington state's
   power system-the Cascadia Network.  This model is connected to a hardware-
   in-the-loop (HIL) testbed, forming a combined hardware, software, and human-
   integrated environment for training and evaluation.  To assess
   effectiveness, we simulate a cyber-induced physical event based on the MITRE
   ATT&CK ICS framework and compare operator performance with and without these
   tools.  The study includes 40 participants-18 professional operators and 22
   students.  We use eye-tracking based metrics to compute a cognitive overload
   score, validating how CP-TRAM enhances detection and response to cyber
   events.  Results show improved speed and accuracy of decision-making,
   confirming the DST's effectiveness under high-stress conditions.
DE power systems; decision-making; training; real-time systems; power grids;
   phasor measurement units; cyberattack; power system dynamics; load modeling;
   data visualization; and cyber-physical-human interaction; decision support
   tools ( dsts ); dynamic decision-making ( ddm ); operator training

---

