UT 1
AR Yang JS, 2023, INDIAN J FISH, V70, P18, DOI 10.21077/ijf.2023.70.4.135615-02
TI The ecological footprint study of marine fisheries in Liaoning Province of
   China based on system dynamics
AU Yang JS; Pan XW; Yin ZQ; Cui JR; Sun PQ; Gu HF; Li JX; Wang Y/1; Xu M
TC 3
SO INDIAN J FISH
PY 2023
AB since the end of the 20th century , with the rapid development of the marine
   economy , the marine environment of liaoning province in china was under
   tremendous pressure and the fishery resources have been in serious decline .
   the marine fishing output of liaoning province was reduced from 1.502x107 t
   in 2000 to 5.244x106 t in . using stella software as the modeling platform ,
   we followed the basic steps of system dynamics modeling ( sd model ) ,
   combined with the principle of ecological footprint of fisheries to
   establish the sd model of ecological footprint of fisheries in liaoning
   province of china , and applied the fuzzy evaluation method to
   comprehensively evaluate the ecological carrying capacity of liaoning marine
   area . the results show that marine fishery resources in liaoning province
   have been in ecological deficit and unsustainable development . the
   ecological footprint of fisheries in liaoning province has increased from
   1.08x107 km2 to 1.88x107 km2 with an average value of 1.60x107 km2 between
   2000 and 2018 , which is already higher than the ecological carrying
   capacity of 3.20x106 km2 and about 5 times of the carrying capacity , which
   means that fishing pressure needs to be reduced to at least 20 % of its
   current level for the ecological footprint of fisheries to rebound and for
   the ecological deficit to decrease steadily , thus preventing an ecosystem
   collapse .
DE ecological footprint of fisheries; liaoning fishery resources; system
   dynamics; stella software

---

UT 2
AR Tsalis AT, 2015, CIV ENG ENV SYST, V32, P281, DOI
   10.1080/10286608.2015.1006129
TI A dynamic sustainability Balanced Scorecard methodology as a navigator for
   exploring the dynamics and complexity of corporate sustainability strategy
AU Tsalis AT; Nikolaou EI; Grigoroudis E; Tsagarakis PK
TC 15
SO CIV ENG ENV SYST
PY 2015
AB the majority of recent empirical research regarding corporate environmental
   literature seeks to identify the potential relationships between
   environmental management practices and the financial performance of the
   firms . in addition , another major part of the research concerns the effect
   of corporate social responsibility practices on corporate financial
   performance . the majority of these studies focus on the effect of either
   social or environmental aspects on firms ' economic performance through
   various statistical techniques in an ex post and static base ( at the end of
   year_annually ) . to contribute to this literature , this article aims at
   developing a dynamic sustainability balance scorecard methodology to
   investigate the evolutionary trends of the relationships among environmental
   , social , and economic performance of firms . the main contribution is the
   development of an integrated mental model in order to improve managers ' and
   scholars ' comprehension of corporate sustainability performance . the
   proposed methodology is mainly based on the corporate environmental and
   social management literature , system thinking , system dynamics , and
   stella software . some computational examples are also presented based on
   three scenarios .
DE corporate sustainability; corporate social respon-sibility; system dynamics;
   stella software
ID environmental-management; development indicators; financial performance;
   social performance; firm; integration; evolution; framework; insights;
   industry

---

UT 3
AR Taylor IW, 2025, J SIMUL, DOI 10.1080/17477778.2025.2492682
TI A system dynamics-based digital twin application for mealworm farming
AU Taylor IW; Koul S; Araujo F; Campbell B
TC 1
SO J SIMUL
PY 2025
AB digital twins ( dts ) are virtual models that simulate real_world systems .
   this study introduces a dt for mealworm farming based on the system dynamics
   ( sd ) approach . the sd_based mealworm farm digital twin ( mfdt ) as an
   application is intended to enhance the efficiency of mealworm farming
   operations . the development process involved interviewing a mealworm farmer
   and implementing the findings using vensim software and stella architect .
   the model utilizes qualitative causal loop diagrams to represent feedback
   and stock and flow diagrams for quantitative analysis . the mealworm farming
   method encompasses the simulation of crucial elements such as production ,
   inventory management , and cost structures . the mealworm farmer used the
   mfdt to assess several policies and determine the most effective pricing
   strategies to yield the quickest return on investment and long_term retained
   earnings . also , the effects of reducing the mealworm maturity cycle and
   using higher_cost organic feed , highlighting the importance of balanced
   operational modifications , were investigated . the mfdt also simulates
   customer behavior and market dynamics , facilitating the development of
   efficient marketing strategies and enhancing customer satisfaction by
   balancing supply and demand . the mfdt includes scenarios that offer
   critical insights into developing robust management strategies by simulating
   real_world challenges , improving decision_making and ensuring sustainable
   and profitable farming practices . the mfdt is a valuable tool for farmers
   to experiment with various techniques and assess their impacts without the
   risks of real_world experiments .
DE digital twins; dt; system dynamics modeling; sd model; mealworm farming

---

UT 4
AR Huang MB, 2011, J SOIL SCI, V91, P185, DOI 10.4141/CJSS10009
TI System dynamics modeling of infiltration and drainage in layered coarse soil
AU Huang MB; Elshorbagy A; Barbour SL; Zettl JD; Si BC
TC 24
SO J SOIL SCI
PY 2011
AB huang , m . , elshorbagy , a . , barbour , s . l.  , zettl , j . d . and si
   , b . c.  2011 . system dynamics modeling of infiltration and drainage in
   layered coarse soil . can . j . soil sci . 91 : 185_197. a system dynamics (
   sd ) model was developed to simulate transient infiltration and drainage
   processes in multilayered soils . stella software was used as a stock_flow
   icon_based simulation environment . the developed sd model combined both
   physically based formulations and empirical assumptions to describe
   one_dimensional saturated unsaturated water flow in the vadose zone . the
   model was successfully calibrated and validated using measured water
   contents during the infiltration and drainage phases , respectively , of a
   double_ring infiltration test . the simulation results were also compared
   with a finite element model of saturated / unsaturated flow ( hydrus ) . the
   results showed that the sd model was capable of accurately simulating the
   various hydrological processes in multilayered soils , and could be a useful
   tool for designing reclamation covers . the simulated and measured results
   show that the presence of a finer sand layer overlying a coarse sand layer
   will increase the soil water storage at field capacity .
DE system dynamics model; infiltration; drainage; layered soils
ID particle-size distribution; unsaturated flow; water; movement; predict;
   design

---

UT 5
AR Elshorbagy A, 2007, HYDROLOG SCI J, V52, P538, DOI 10.1623/hysj.52.3.538
TI Simulation of the hydrological processes on reconstructed watersheds using
   system dynamics
AU Elshorbagy A; Jutla A; Kells J
TC 33
SO HYDROL SCI J-J SCI HYDROL
PY 2007
AB reconstruction of disturbed watersheds is a common practice by the oil sands
   industry in northern alberta , canada . the reconstruction and restoration
   of the watershed hydrology are required as part of the reclamation mandated
   by alberta environment for mine closure . assessment of the hydrological
   performance of the reconstructed watersheds is essential to ensure a
   sustainable reclamation strategy . a conceptual lumped system dynamics
   watershed ( sdw ) model is developed and calibrated in this study . the
   model , built within an object_based simulation environment , is capable of
   simulating the various hydrological processes in the reconstructed
   watersheds with good accuracy . stella software is used as an object_based
   simulation environment that allows visual computations . the sdw model
   developed combines both physical ly_based and empirical formulations to
   replicate the hydrological system mathematically . the system dynamics
   approach along with the visual simulation environment help in developing a
   simulation_for_learning model , not only simulation for prediction . the
   model is successfully calibrated and validated . the results show that the
   sdw model is capable of simulating the various hydrological processes ( soil
   moisture , evapotranspiration and runoff ) with good accuracy . the sdw
   model can help in the assessment of the short_and long_term performances of
   the reconstructed watersheds , thus providing a useful decision_aid tool for
   the mining industry .
DE watershed modeling; system dynamics; reconstructed watersheds
ID yielding ephemeral catchments; frozen soils; snowmelt infiltration; final
   covers; model; moisture; balance; cycle

---

UT 6
AR Lagarda-Leyva EA, 2021, APPL SCI-BASEL, V11, DOI 10.3390/app11177938
TI System Dynamics and Lean Approach: Development of a Technological Solution
   in a Regional Product Packaging Company
AU Lagarda-Leyva EA
TC 7
SO APPL SCI-BASEL
PY 2021
AB this study was performed in a regional product marketing company located in
   ciudad obregon , sonora , mexico , where a problem was detected in empirical
   decision_making due to their recent incorporation into the market . thus ,
   the objective of this study is the shelf_product production link , where the
   interest is in knowing the behavior of the main variables that influence the
   system . system dynamics methodology follows six steps : ( 1 ) map the
   process under study with the value stream map ( vsm ) . ( 2 ) create a
   causal diagram . ( 3 ) elaborate the forrester diagram and equations . ( 4 )
   validate the current model . ( 5 ) simulate scenarios . ( 6 ) create the
   graphical user interface . the main results were the design of the scenarios
   starting from a robust system dynamics model , three scenarios , and the
   graphical interface . for this purpose , stella architect software was used
   as it has special attributes to create a graphical user interface .
   furthermore , all the elements of the vsm were added under the lean startup
   approach . significantly , the inadequate management of the materials was
   detected , which is why the recommendation was to separate the packaging of
   dry and cold products to care for food innocuousness and the cold chain .
   likewise , processing time decreased , reducing material transfer , which
   was detected by applying a future vsm based on the lean startup methodology
   . the technological solution in this study is a contribution based on social
   sciences and mathematics ( nonlinear equations ) using dynamics simulation
   to observe the complexity of system behavior .
DE system dynamics; value stream map; scenarios; simulation; logistics; supply
   chain
ID management

---

UT 7
AR Díaz-Reza JR, 2024, JORDAN J MECH IND EN, V18, P113, DOI
   10.59038/jjmie/180109
TI Assessing the impact of Lean manufacturing on the Social Sustainability
   through Structural Equation Modeling and System Dynamics
AU Díaz-Reza JR; García-Alcaraz JL; Sánchez-Ramírez C; Vargas AR
TC 10
SO JORDAN J MECH IND ENG
PY 2024
AB this study presents a comprehensive approach to evaluate the impact of
   various lean management tools , such as kaizen , total productive
   maintenance ( tpm ) , just _in _time ( jit ) , and philosophies like total
   quality management ( tqm ) on the social sustainability of manufacturing
   companies . using a system dynamics model supported by structural equation
   analysis , we seek to measure these effects and determine the time required
   for companies to reach the desired level of implementation of these tools
   and the point at which they will achieve social sustainability . this
   innovative approach seeks to fill a gap in the research , as so far , no
   studies have been conducted that precisely measure the impact of kaizen ,
   tpm , jit , and philosophies like tqm on social sustainability using
   structural equation modeling and system dynamics . this gap in the
   literature highlights the relevance of this study , which provides detailed
   results on the impact of lean management tools on social sustainability and
   addresses a significant gap in existing research . data were collected from
   411 surveys , primarily from companies in the automotive sector with more
   than 1,000 employees . the analysis used tools such as warppls 8.0 ( r ) for
   structural equation analysis and stella architect v3.0.1 ( r ) for system
   dynamics . the results suggest that continuous improvement is fundamental to
   achieving social sustainability , serving as an enabler for tools such as
   tpm and jit , which are integral to lean management , as well as
   philosophies like tqm . the projection indicates that achieving 100 %
   implementation of these lean management tools will take approximately seven
   years while attaining 100 % social sustainability is expected within 10.25
   years . it is important to note that while lean management tools like tpm
   and jit play a crucial role , tqm , as a separate philosophy , also
   contributes significantly to social sustainability . although these
   timelines are ambitious and theoretical , they underscore the critical
   importance of lean management tools for social sustainability . caution is
   advised , acknowledging the potential challenges of achieving such ambitious
   goals , which should be approached with realism . ( c ) 2024 jordan journal
   of mechanical and industrial engineering . all rights reserved
DE social sustainability; lean managementtools; system dynamics; structural
   equation model
ID implementation; performance; jit; tqm

---

UT 8
AR Díaz-Reza JR, 2024, J CLEAN PROD, V448, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.141453
TI Achieving social sustainability through lean manufacturing practices:
   Insights from structural equation model and system dynamics
AU Díaz-Reza JR; Mousavi SH; Sánchez-Ramírez CE; García-Alcaraz JL
TC 22
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2024
AB the relationship between lean manufacturing ( lm ) practices and their
   impact on social sustainability ( so is ) remains an area that warrants
   further investigation , especially in developing countries and industrial
   sectors with a high level of manual work in which there are many
   occupational diseases , where well_being is required by labor laws , such as
   mexican maquiladora ( mm ) companies . recognizing this research gap , this
   study explores and assesses the influence of lm practices on mm ' s so is .
   the study proposed and evaluated a structural equation model ( sem ) with
   eight hypotheses tested statistically using information obtained from 411
   responses to a questionnaire distributed across the mm . warppls software (
   version 8.0 ) was employed to validate the sem and stella architect v3.0.1 ,
   to evaluate a system dynamics model to simulate the longitudinal behavior of
   lm practices on so is . the findings underscore the critical role of the 5 s
   methodology in facilitating the adoption of practices , such as total
   productive maintenance , quick changeover , and one_piece flow , exhibiting
   positive repercussions on so is . notably , the study ' s estimates suggest
   a timeline of approximately 6.5 years to attain 100 % implementation of
   these tools , while achieving complete so is may extend to approximately
   11.75 years . it is imperative to approach these projections cautiously ,
   because of the dynamic nature of business environments , wherein unforeseen
   alterations may significantly influence these timelines . these estimates
   offer valuable insights into the potential temporal dynamics of lm practices
   and so is implementations in industrial contexts .
DE social sustainability; lean manufacturing; maquiladora industry; sem; system
   dynamics
ID implementation; performance; changeover; industry; quality; impact

---

UT 9
AR Li Z, 2018, J HYDROL, V556, P50, DOI 10.1016/j.jhydrol.2017.11.007
TI A hybrid system dynamics and optimization approach for supporting
   sustainable water resources planning in Zhengzhou City, China
AU Li Z; Li CH; Wang X; Peng C; Cai YP; Huang WC
TC 40
SO J HYDROL
PY 2018
AB problems with water resources restrict the sustainable development of a city
   with water shortages . based on system dynamics ( sd ) theory , a model of
   sustainable utilization of water resources using the stella software has
   been established . this model consists of four subsystems : population
   system , economic system , water supply system and water demand system . the
   boundaries of the four subsystems are vague , but they are closely related
   and interdependent . the model is applied to zhengzhou city , china , which
   has a serious water shortage . the difference between the water supply and
   demand is very prominent in zhengzhou city . the model was verified with
   data from 2009 to 2013 . the results show that water demand of zhengzhou
   city will reach 2.57 billion m ( 3 ) in 2020 . a water resources
   optimization model is developed based on interval_parameter two_stage
   stochastic programming . the objective of the model is to allocate water
   resources to each water sector and make the lowest cost under the minimum
   water demand . using the simulation results , decision makers can easily
   weigh the costs of the system , the water allocation objectives , and the
   system risk . the hybrid system dynamics method and optimization model is a
   rational try to support water resources management in many cities ,
   particularly for cities with potential water shortage and it is solidly
   supported with previous studies and collected data . ( c ) 2017 elsevier b.v
   . all rights reserved .
DE system dynamics model; water resources; sustainable usage; optimal
   allocation of water resources; zhengzhou city
ID early warning system; management; uncertainty; basin; shortage; model;
   security

---

UT 10
AR Bala BK, 2014, ECOL MODEL, V283, P19, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolmodel.2014.03.013
TI Sustainable exploitation of hilsa fish (Tenualosa ilisha) population in
   Bangladesh: Modeling and policy implications
AU Bala BK; Arshad FM; Alias EF; Sidique SF/1; Noh KM; Rowshon MK; Islam QMM;
   Islam MM
TC 14
SO ECOL MODEL
PY 2014
AB this paper presents a computer model of hilsa fish ( tenualosa ilisha ) to
   predict the long_term trends in the hilsa population over several decades
   and to assess the impacts of harvesting the juveniles and spawning adults of
   hilsa fish . the model is designed to keep track of the population in
   various phases of the life cycle . the computer model of hilsa fish is based
   on system dynamics methodology . the full history of the because and effect
   relationships of the population dynamics of hilsa fish is presented using
   causal loop and flow diagrams . stella software is used to model the
   population dynamics of hilsa fish and the parameters of the model are
   estimated from field data and reports . maximum sustainable yield and
   carrying capacity were simulated to be 268,000 tons and 670,000 tons ,
   respectively . the overall situation of hilsa fishery is under severe stress
   in bangladesh and vulnerable to over exploitation . simulation results show
   that increased harvesting of the adults entering the rivers and the
   juveniles in the rivers because gradual decline in hilsa fish population and
   even may cause to disappear this valuable resource within a short period of
   time . also the optimal strategies for sustainable development of hilsa
   fishery have been addressed and the optimization results show that optimized
   operation of the hilsa fishery not only stabilizes the system , but also
   enhances the harvested adult hilsa . the model has the potential to analyze
   the harvesting strategies of the adults entering the rivers and juveniles in
   the rivers for sustainable exploitation of the hilsa fish . ( c ) 2014
   elsevier b.v . all rights reserved .
DE hilsa fish; population dynamics; system dynamics; simulation; harvesting
   strategies; optimization
ID system dynamics optimization; management

---

UT 11
AR Ali MF, 2022, AGRIC SYST, V202, DOI 10.1016/j.agsy.2022.103491
TI Using a participatory system dynamics modelling approach to inform the
   management of Malaysian rubber production
AU Ali MF; Sulong SH; Julius K; Smith C; Aziz AA
TC 7
SO AGRIC SYST
PY 2022
AB context : increasing rubber price volatility has adversely affected
   smallholders_malaysia ' s primary rubber producers ' livelihood . this , in
   turn , has caused them to abandon rubber farming and led to the decline of
   malaysian rubber production over the last few decades . in this paper , a
   rubber production model was developed using a participatory system dynamics
   modeling approach , involving multiple key rubber industry stakeholders .
   objective : the study ' s objectives include : 1 ) to use the developed
   rubber production model to quantitatively assess the impact of interactions
   between key components of the rubber production system at the farm ,
   national , and global levels on rubber production . and 2 ) to test the
   effectiveness of existing and proposed plausible policy and management
   scenarios to improve rubber production . methods : we conducted structural ,
   behavioral patterns , and statistical tests to evaluate and validate the
   performance of the developed model . we simulated key variables including
   smallholder and national productions , and farm_gate , national and global
   prices for a 30_year period . the model is set_up with time unit of years
   and time step of 0.25 years , using the stella architect software . our
   analysis showed that the simulated outputs agreed well with the observed
   behavior of the system . a sensitivity analysis indicated the model is
   reliable and robust to uncertainties in the major parameters . five policy
   scenarios : ( 1 ) business as usual . ( 2 ) farm_level focused . ( 3 )
   national_level focused . ( 4 ) global_level focused . and ( 5 ) balanced
   were simulated to assess their impact on smallholder and national production
   , smallholder net revenue , and global , national and farm_gate rubber
   prices . results and conclusions : the results showed that the farm_level
   focused and balanced scenarios would significantly improve and double
   smallholder and malaysian rubber production . based on the scenarios
   analyzes , malaysian rubber production can be improved by ( 1 ) tightening
   rubber export restrictions at the global level . ( 2 ) increasing domestic
   rubber consumption and reducing rubber imports at the national level . ( 3 )
   increasing rubber production incentive . ( 4 ) improving collaboration
   between agencies and increasing resources available to extension and
   enforcement agents , and rubber production incentive campaigns . and ( 5 )
   finding additional in_come , through intercropping at the farm level for
   example . significance : the model is flexible , and other rubber producing
   countries with similar features and environmental and socioeconomic
   conditions can adapt the system dynamics simulation model to understand and
   evaluate the impact of policies that can improve the livelihood of
   smallholders .
DE agricultural production causal loop diagrams; stakeholder participation;
   system dynamics modeling; systems thinking
ID hevea-brasiliensis; water resources; yield; growth; uncertainty; validation;
   integration; expansion; impacts

---

UT 12
AR Lv FR, 2024, ENV SCI, V12, DOI 10.3389/fenvs.2024.1400717
TI Simulating the effect of haze management using system dynamics: a case study
   of Beijing
AU Lv FR; Lu YJ; Tang HP
TC 2
SO ENV SCI
PY 2024
AB haze is a pollution phenomenon that has become increasingly frequent in
   recent years , primarily composed of so2 , nox , and particulate matter .
   since the ' ' pm2.5 crisis ' ' in 2013 , the beijing_tianjin_hebei region
   has been plagued by haze . after a series of high_intensity management
   activities , the air quality in beijing has continued to improve . to
   investigate the effectiveness of the haze control measures in beijing , a
   dynamic management model was constructed using the system dynamics approach
   and implemented using stella software . the model is simulated and evaluated
   the contribution to different governance strategies ( increasing investment
   in science and technology innovation , reducing motor vehicle ownership ,
   reducing coal consumption , and a combination policy ) to reduce haze in
   beijing from 2010 to 2025 . the validity and robustness of the model were
   verified through model testing and validation . the simulation results
   showed that : ( 1 ) the combination policy has the most significant effect
   on reducing energy consumption and pollution emissions , which would reduce
   energy consumption by 38.93 million tons and pollution emissions by 128.33
   thousand tons in 2025 , ( 2 ) among the single treatment measures , reducing
   industrial coal consumption is the most effective measure to reducing haze ,
   ( 3 ) it is necessary to strengthen the joint prevention and control of the
   beijing_tianjin_hebei region in the future to promote the sustainable
   development of the regional environment .
DE system dynamics model; combination policy; haze management; governance
   effect; sustainable development
ID air pollution; influential factors; spatial spillover; power-generation;
   china; emissions; policy; transformation; consumption; impacts

---

UT 13
AR Purwanto A, 2021, SUSTAIN PROD CONSUMP, V25, P198, DOI
   10.1016/j.spc.2020.08.009
TI Quantitative simulation of the water-energy-food (WEF) security nexus in a
   local planning context in indonesia
AU Purwanto A; Susnik J; Suryadi FX; de Fraiture C
TC 61
SO SUSTAIN PROD CONSUM
PY 2021
AB the process of planning and evaluation for local development , especially in
   the critical sectors of water , energy and food ( wef ) should be conducted
   using a holistic , integrated approach in an attempt to bring the
   improvement in water , energy and food security in a region . system
   dynamics models are one of the tools for simulation and assessment of the
   system_wide impacts caused by local interventions . this research develops a
   stock_flow diagram ( sfd ) of wef security in a local context to be used in
   analyzing the impacts of implementing three planned policy interventions in
   karawang regency , indonesia . stella professional software is employed to
   build the sfd and conduct simulation of the wef security nexus , and is
   based on a previously developed qualitative causal loop model of the same
   system ( the karawang wef security ( k_wefs ) model ) . in the quantitative
   sfd , four scenarios are developed and assessed in this study . ( i )
   population growth changes . ( ii ) agricultural land conversion rate changes
   . ( iii ) changes in the development of artificial ponds and solar energy .
   and ( iv ) per_capita resource consumption changes . the results show
   several interesting findings related to the wef security nexus , available
   resources per person ( app ) and self_sufficiency levels ( ssl ) of
   resources in business as usual conditions and under planned interventions .
   potentially unanticipated detrimental indirect impacts of policy
   interventions are highlighted . this dynamic support tool could be applied
   in other local regions to improve the evaluation and planning process of
   water , energy and food sectors in a holistic manner . ( c ) 2020
   institution of chemical engineers . published by elsevier b.v . all rights
   reserved .
DE system dynamics; water-energy-food ( wef ) security; nexus modeling; policy
   analysis; evaluation and planning; karawang; indonesia
ID system dynamics approach; management

---

UT 14
AR Dasgupta D, 2017, ENVIRON DEV SUSTAIN, V19, P1473, DOI
   10.1007/s10668-016-9815-6
TI Scenario of future e-waste generation and recycle-reuse-landfill-based
   disposal pattern in India: a system dynamics approach
AU Dasgupta D; Debsarkar A; Hazra T; Bala BK; Gangopadhyay A; Chatterjee D
TC 38
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2017
AB the fundamental requirements of the e_waste management system are the
   forecasting of the future generation of e_waste and in situ planning to
   minimize the risk . the prediction analysis ( a simulation exercise with
   base year 2012 and end year 2025 ) for several e_waste items ( desktop ,
   notebook , refrigerator , television and washing machine ) reflects an
   increasing waste generation pattern . the present study deals with the
   prediction of e_waste generation and the percentage distribution of e_waste
   through different disposal pathways ( landfill , second_hand market and
   recycling ) based on the system dynamics approach ( using stella software ,
   version 8.0 ) for the purpose of improved management practice in near future
   in india . during the prediction of disposal options , the role , importance
   and functionality of various pathways are also critically analyzed . the
   simulation results indicate that the specific route of e_waste disposal will
   largely control the e_waste generation in india as informal sectors , in
   future , will solely utilize recycle and reuse pathways due to the economics
   of the specific components of the generated e_waste . on the other hand ,
   the percentage of landfillable e_waste will decrease from 8.06 to 6.54 %
   within a decade ( 2012_2025 ) . finally , the study emphasizes on
   delineation of a well_composed guideline for policy orientation to protect
   the human health and environment , as e_waste items and their various
   components often emit toxic substances particularly during informal trade
   chain practices .
DE system dynamics; simulation; e-waste generation; electronics appliances
ID electronic waste; management; contamination; water; model; lake

---

UT 15
AR Raj A, 2023, UPSTREAM OIL GAS TEC, V11, DOI 10.1016/j.upstre.2023.100090
TI System Dynamics Approach to Evaluate the Oil and Gas Supply Chain: A Case
   Study
AU Raj A; Mali BS; Kumar B; Sen Singh C; Nainawat GK
TC 3
SO UPSTREAM OIL GAS TECHNOL
PY 2023
AB the worldwide economic shock caused by the covid_19 outbreak has widespread
   and dramatic effects on the energy sector [ 1 ] . the world health
   organization ( who ) declared the covid_19 outbreak as a pandemic by early
   march 2020 , which resulted in the imposition of partial to complete
   lockdown in almost all countries and territories worldwide . this
   unprecedented shock has led oil and gas markets through a strong supply and
   trade adjustment , resulting in historically low spot prices and a drastic
   fall in demand [ 1 ] . since the oil and gas supply chain is very dynamic in
   nature , the disturbances in maintenance operations and routine work in the
   oil and gas industry may result in heavy disruptions in the oil and gas
   industry by affecting the various areas like workforce , production , and
   storage in the supply chain [ 1,2 ] . this study is oriented toward the
   comprehensive study of the upstream oil and gas supply chain , and briefly
   discusses the complete oil gas supply chain . we have investigated the
   disruption in the supply chain based on the comparative study of the
   pre_pandemic and post_pandemic situations . the most affected areas of the
   supply chain due to the disruptions are termed as ' hotspots ' and these
   disruptions are imitated by developing a model in stella software ,
   implementing the system dynamics approach . further , the model has worked
   for one fiscal year by providing data input of oil / gas prices , current
   and forecasted demand and impact of covid _19 is analyzed .
DE oil and gas industry; resilience; supply chain; system dynamics; covid-19
   pandemic
ID products

---

UT 16
AR Luo SH, 2024, BMC HEAL SERV RES, V24, DOI 10.1186/s12913-024-12113-6
TI Forecast of total health expenditure on China's ageing population: a system
   dynamics model
AU Luo SH; Zhang JL; Heffernan M
TC 2
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2024
AB backgroundchina is currently at a turning point as its total population has
   started to decline , and therefore faces issues related to caring for an
   aging population , which will require an increase in total health
   expenditure ( the ) . therefore , the ability to forecast china ' s future
   the is essential . methodswe developed two the system dynamics ( sd ) models
   using stella architect 3.4 to simulate china ' s the from 2000 to 2060 . the
   constant prices the sd model estimates the under low , medium , and high
   total fertility rate ( tfr ) scenarios . the current prices the sd model
   serves as a robust calibration check . in addition , we developed a new
   total gross domestic production ( gdp ) forecast model to estimate the / gdp
   over the same period . resultsour simulation results reveal a significant
   upward trend in china ' s the from 2000 to 2060 . specifically , under the
   low tfr scenario , the is projected to reach approximately $ 33.4 trillion
   in 2015 constant usd by 2060 . however , with the introduction of efficiency
   impact factors , the is expected to fall to around $ 8.6 trillion by 2060 .
   additionally , the per capita health expenditure is anticipated to rise from
   $ 102 in 2000 to roughly $ 30,800 by 2060 , though it could see a decrease
   to nearly $ 7,900 with efficiency improvements . our gdp forecast for 2060
   is nearly $ 87 trillion , with the to gdp ratio expected to be about 9.7 % .
   in our scenario analysis , as tfr increases , the growing new births and
   decreased aging rate are expected to lead to a rise in the and a decrease in
   per capita health expenditure . conclusionthe efficiency of the utilization
   needs to be improved . increasing tfr can help alleviate population decline
   and aging to some extent . enhancing workforce productivity and sustained
   economic growth is needed to counteract the challenges posed by an aging
   population .
DE total health expenditure; system dynamics; population aging; total
   population decline; total fertility rate; scenario analysis; efficiency
   impact factors; china gdp forecast; the/gdp
ID life

---

UT 17
AR Dacko M, 2010, POL J ENV STUD, V19, P699
TI Systems Dynamics in Modeling Sustainable Management of the Environment and
   Its Resources
AU Dacko M
TC 5
SO POL J ENV STUD
PY 2010
AB this article was inspired by the predator_prey relationship , a common
   concept in ecology . using it as our basis , we present a study on the
   subject of economic growth linked to the consumption of environmental
   resources . various economy_environment development scenarios are examined
   using the dynamics method and stella software . isomorphisms ( i . e .
   structural similarities ) between the two systems allow us to conclude that
   both growing economic savings and effectiveness , as well as higher outlays
   for initiatives aimed at offsetting deficiencies and enriching environmental
   potential , may not reverse the cyclical growth trend of the system examined
   . while attempting to discuss sustainable development at present , a
   thorough change in management paradigms should be considered . if an
   environmental system is acted upon , its life should be sustained . truly
   lasting economic and environmental growth is based on drawing benefits from
   life_giving feedback .
DE systems dynamics; sustainable development; predator-prey relationship;
   management of the environment

---

UT 18
AR Marzouk M, 2017, ENERGY BUILD, V134, P143, DOI 10.1016/j.enbuild.2016.10.034
TI Analyzing sustainability in low-income housing projects using system
   dynamics
AU Marzouk M; Azab S
TC 15
SO ENERGY BUILD
PY 2017
AB low_income housing ( lih ) projects have a vital role in developing
   countries as they serve a large sector of society . hence , they are
   considered one of the most important projects funded by governments . the
   total life_cycle cost ( lcc ) of these projects is incurred during the use
   phase , making these projects lose its economic aspect of sustainability .
   therefore , it is important to decrease the costs of such projects during
   their life cycle , taking into consideration the available resources . this
   paper focuses on two aspects of the sustainability of building through its
   life cycle . environmental and economic . for this purpose , the methodology
   considers reasonable costs that fit lih projects using environmentally
   friendly materials . the methodology is based on assessing the lcc of lih
   projects , taking into consideration initial cost and operation costs . the
   paper focuses on green_building materials with minimal cost , corresponding
   to the maximum number of points awarded under the leadership in energy and
   environmental design ( leed ) rating system . this methodology is developed
   through the formulation of the system dynamics ( sd ) model using a stella
   software package . the proposed model is capable of considering the dynamic
   nature and interactions among major variables affecting the assessment of
   economic and environmental performances of selected green materials . the
   proposed assessment methodology helps the decision makers in governmental
   housing authorities to modify the current management policies for improving
   the current situation of lih . in addition , it aids government and / or
   contractors to minimize lcc while achieving maximum leed material credit
   points for lih projects . a detailed case study in egypt is presented to
   clarify the practical features of the proposed model . ( c ) 2016 elsevier
   b.v . all rights reserved .
DE low-income housing ( lih ); system dynamics modeling; sustainability; green
   building; leed; life-cycle cost ( lcc )
ID earthmoving operations; material selection; waste management; simulation
   model; optimization; construction; lessons

---

UT 19
AR Tan WJ, 2018, OCEAN COAST MANAG, V153, P131, DOI
   10.1016/j.ocecoaman.2017.12.012
TI Integrated coastal-zone management for sustainable tourism using a decision
   support system based on system dynamics: A case study of Cijin, Kaohsiung,
   Taiwan
AU Tan WJ; Yang CF; Château PA; Lee MT; Chang YC
TC 64
SO OCEAN COAST MANAG
PY 2018
AB kaohsiung is the largest port city in taiwan , where the offshore island of
   cijin forms a natural breakwater for the kaohsiung harbor . with its
   abundant recreational resources and convenient accessibility , the small
   island of cijin attracts many tourists during weekends . although the highly
   developed tourism has led to significant economic benefits , it has also
   caused pollution and unbalanced development , which have severely degraded
   the coastal environment and marine ecosystem . by using the system dynamics
   ( sd ) approach , we developed an effective integrated coastal zone
   management decision support system ( dss ) to address this problem . a sd
   model , based on the driving_force , state , and response indicator set ,
   was employed to enable integration of the numerous interlinked factors
   causing this problem . a user_friendly dss based on the sd model was
   implemented using the stella software . this dss enables decision makers to
   perform scenario analysis easily by allowing them to incorporate their
   decision preferences . several policies were developed in this study and the
   dss was used to assess their performance regarding the sustainable
   development of coastal tourism in cijin .
DE decision support system ( dss ); driving forces states and response ( dsr )
   indicators; integrated coastal zone management ( iczm ); sustainable
   development indicator; system dynamics ( sd )
ID information-systems; delphi; indicators; framework; wetland

---

UT 20
AR Caulfield C, 2011, INT J COMPUT SCI NETW SECUR, V11, P43
TI Implementing System Dynamics Models in Java
AU Caulfield C; Veal D; Maj SP
TC 0
SO INT J COMPUT SCI NETW SECUR
PY 2011
AB for a research project into the value of serious games_games that teach and
   educate_in software engineering and project management education , a game
   called simsoft was developed . two keys parts of simsoft were the system
   dynamics engine that captured the fundamental causal relationships of the
   software project being modeled . and the java dashboard through which the
   players entered their project decisions . java also provided a means of
   saving the players individual decisions so these could later be analyzed and
   replayed . while there are currently no java libraries for implementing
   system dynamic models , a system dynamics model is simply a collection of
   non_linear differential equations , and open_source java libraries for these
   do exist . therefore , it is possible to implement a system dynamics model
   in java and take advantage of the features of a powerful , general purpose
   programming language . this paper describes how the model behind simsoft was
   created using system dynamics modeling tool called ithink and how the model
   was subsequently implemented in java using the apache commons mathematics
   library .
DE system dynamics; java; ithink; serious games

---

UT 21
AR Java O, 2020, BALT J MOD COMPUT, V8, P379, DOI 10.22364/bjmc.2020.8.3.01
TI Hydrological Model for Decision-Making: Mannikjarve Bog Case Study, Estonia
AU Java O; Kohv M; Löhmus A
TC 3
SO BALT J MOD COMPUT
PY 2020
AB in order to support the conservation of bog ecosystem over its geographic
   range and its genetic diversity , marginal areas of lower quality as a
   result of damage or degradation which abut active raised bogs may need to be
   included , protected and , where practicable , regenerated . there are very
   few intact or near_intact raised bogs in europe , except in finland and
   sweden where active raised bogs are the predominant mire complex type in
   hemiboreal and southern boreal regions ( european commission , 2013 ) . leaf
   area index is an important parameter as it emblematize vegetation . after
   the construction of drainage , bogs usually become overgrown with trees ,
   the restoration of the ecosystem requires vegetation manipulation . there
   are many degraded bogs in estonia and latvia that have overgrown with trees
   , and this type of simulation model would help to calculate the right tree
   cutting intensity to reduce the impact of evaporation and interception of
   trees on the water balance of the bog , thereby contributing to the
   restoration of the bogs . this article describes the case study of
   mannikjarve ' s bog where system dynamics simulation model for
   decision_making , built in stella architect environment , was validated .
DE simulation modeling; hydrological modeling; system dynamics; bog
   restoration; model validation

---

UT 22
AR Wang BF, 2021, WATER, V13, DOI 10.3390/w13243534
TI Analysis and Prediction of Sustainable Utilization of Water Resources in
   Chengde City Based on System Dynamics Model
AU Wang BF; Tian YT; Li XJ/1; Li CH
TC 5
SO WATER
PY 2021
AB in addition to the social economy and the rapid development of industry and
   agriculture , water demand is increasing and poses challenges in the
   over_exploitation of water resources . this research establishes a model to
   assess the sustainable exploitation of water resources based on system
   dynamics theory and stella software , which solves the imbalanced allocation
   of industrial water , agricultural water and domestic water . the model is
   composed of two parts : the water quantity system ( including economy ,
   population , water availability and water demand ) and the water quality
   system ( composed of the aquatic environment ) , which is suitable for
   chengde city with a water resource shortage . the proposed model is
   established by data of chengde city from 2007 to 2016 and is verified by
   2017 data . furthermore , in order to compare the water quality and water
   utilization of chengde city under different development scenarios up to 2025
   , the sensitivity analysis of each variable ( e . g . , population ) is
   carried out in this model , and thereby the water resource utilization
   scenarios are acquired . specifically , four scenarios are designed and
   denoted : scenario 1 : keeping the status quo unchanged , scenario 2 :
   slowing down economic development and devoting more energy to environmental
   protection , scenario 3 : only focusing more on economic development and
   scenario 4 : aiming at steady and rapid economic growth and an eco_friendly
   environment . the results shows that scenarios 2 and 3 facilitate
   high_effective water resource utilization compared with the current
   development , scenario 1. scenario 4 fosters the balance of water resources
   supply_demand in the future and preserves the water quality . this study
   provides an inspiring method for realizing the sustainable utilization and
   optimizing allocation of water resources in chengde city .
DE water resources; system dynamics; sustainable utilization; water quantity
   and quality; chengde city
ID management; optimization

---

UT 23
AR Tseng CH, 2021, HELIYON, V7, DOI 10.1016/j.heliyon.2021.e08361
TI Development of a system dynamics model for dioxin flow and its application
   to the energy sector
AU Tseng CH; Chen LL; Su SM
TC 2
SO HELIYON
PY 2021
AB dioxin pollution has been problematic in taiwan . although the government
   has established emission standards and emission inventory to control dioxin
   pollution , such efforts only apply to pollution emissions . no attempt has
   been made to understand the flow of dioxins in different environmental media
   . in this study , the stella software was used to model the flow pattern of
   dioxins in various media . this model and the raidar model established by
   the canadian environmental model research center were used to simulate
   dioxin flow in taiwan , and their results were compared with the measured
   values . the accuracies of the raidar and stella models were 63.92 % and
   49.78 % , respectively . this shows that the simulation with the stella
   model provided results closer to the measured values and that the error was
   less than ten times that of the raidar model , indicating that the proposed
   model is predictive . in addition , we used the results of a system dynamics
   model for dioxin flow and an air resource co_benefits ( arcob ) model to
   apply the obtained results to the energy sector to quantify the co_benefits
   of reducing dioxin , greenhouse gas , and air pollutant emissions on the
   basis of the policy target for the year 2030 . the total co_benefits of
   natural gas and renewable energy ( re ) scenarios were us $ 9.63 billion and
   us $ 12.57 billion , respectively . the benefit_cost ratios were 2.89 and
   20.67 , respectively . the development of an re policy as an alternative to
   a coal_fired power generation policy will contribute to the best co_benefits
   of integrated reductions and will also contribute to human health .
DE system dynamics model; stella; dioxin flow; arcob model; energy sector; co-
   benefit
ID greenhouse gas reduction; air-quality management; health co-benefits;
   climate-change; emissions; waste; incineration; pollutants; strategies;
   ozone

---

UT 24
AR Nasirzadeh H, 2021, ENERGY POLIC, V148, DOI 10.1016/j.enpol.2020.111963
TI Investment analysis in privatization of National Iranian Drilling Company
   using systems dynamics and BWM technique
AU Nasirzadeh H; Amin-Tahmasbi H; Khalili HA
TC 11
SO ENERGY POLIC
PY 2021
AB in this study , using system dynamics approaches and multi_criteria
   decision_making , the investment analysis in the privatization of the
   national iranian drilling company is investigated . for this purpose , key
   variables and factors influencing identification privatization and causal
   relationships between these variables are plotted in two causal loop diagram
   , stock and flow diagram in systems dynamics approach . then the results are
   simulated in vensim software from 2018 to 2025 and various investment
   scenarios for privatization are investigated . also , using multi_criteria
   decision_making approach based on bwm technique , investment priorities were
   identified in each dimension of efqm empowerment . the results of the system
   dynamics approach show that all aspects of privatization do not have the
   same impact on firm performance . the results of the present study will also
   contribute to the development of research literature in the field of
   privatization , and the proposed approach of the article can be used as a
   tool in the hands of managers and government officials to show them where
   and on what basis they should start privatization .
DE privatization; system dynamics; national iranian drilling company; best  and
   worst method
ID impact

---

UT 25
AR Orji IJ, 2015, COMPUT IND ENG, V88, P1, DOI 10.1016/j.cie.2015.06.019
TI An innovative integration of fuzzy-logic and systems dynamics in sustainable
   supplier selection: A case on manufacturing industry
AU Orji IJ; Wei S
TC 125
SO COMPUT IND ENG
PY 2015
AB globally , supply chains compete in a complex and rapidly changing
   environment . hence , sustainable supplier selection has become a decisive
   variable in the firm ' s financial success . this requires reliable tools
   and techniques to select the best sustainable supplier and enhance
   understanding about how supplier behavior evolves with time . system
   dynamics ( sd ) is an approach to investigate the dynamic behavior in which
   the system status alterations correspond to the system variable changes .
   fuzzy logic usually solves the challenges of imprecise data and ambiguous
   human judgment . thus , this work presents a novel modeling approach of
   integrating information on supplier behavior in fuzzy environment with
   system dynamics simulation modeling technique which results in a more
   reliable and responsible decision support system . supplier behavior with
   respect to relevant sustainability criteria in the past , current and future
   time horizons were sourced through expert interviews and simulated in vensim
   to select the best possible sustainable supplier . simulation results show
   that an increase in the rate of investment in sustainability by the
   different suppliers causes an exponential increase in total sustainability
   performance of the suppliers . also , the growth rate of the total
   performance of suppliers outruns their rate of investment in sustainability
   after about 12 months . a dynamic multi_criteria decision making model was
   presented to compare results from the systems dynamics model . ( c ) 2015
   elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE fuzzy logic; supplier selection; sustainability; systems dynamics
ID multi criteria approach; chain; performance; model; topsis; algorithm

---

UT 26
AR Umeda JE, 2020, BRAZ ORAL RES, V34, DOI 10.1590/1807-3107bor-2020.vol34.0017
TI System dynamics modeling for tooth decay treatment in Brazilian children
AU Umeda JE; Chichakly K; Passos GF; Terada RSS; Pascotto RC; Fujimaki M
TC 4
SO BRAZ ORAL RES
PY 2020
AB prevention and health promotion are considered important strategies to
   control oral diseases . dental caries is preventable disease and remains the
   most common chronic disease that affects mainly low income children and
   still considered the main because of tooth loss in adulthood in brazil . the
   aim of this study is to present a system dynamics model ( sdm ) specifically
   developed with the stella architect software to estimate the cost and
   clinical hours required to control the evolution of dental caries in
   preschool children in maringa , brazil . two main strategies to control
   caries were considered in the model : the application of fluoride varnish on
   teeth presenting white spots , and the use of atraumatic restorative
   treatment ( art ) in cavitated carious lesions without pulp involvement .
   the parameters used in the model were : number of people covered by a local
   oral health team = 4,000. number of children up to 5 years = 7 % of the
   population . children ' s decayed , missing , filled teeth ( dmft ) index =
   2.4. time / cost of 4 applications of fluoride varnish = 5 minutes / us $
   0.716. and time / cost of each art restoration = 15 minutes / us $ 1.475.
   the sdm generated an estimated total cost of us $ 698.00 , and a total of
   112 clinical hours to treat the population in question . the use of the sdm
   presented here has the potential to assist decision making by measuring the
   material and human resources required to prevent and control dental caries
   at an early age .
DE systems analysis; dental-caries; dentists; dental atraumatic restorative
   treatment
ID atraumatic restorative treatment; dental-caries; treatment art; health;
   management; dentition; survival; impact

---

UT 27
AR Reza JRD, 2025, SUSTAIN FUTUR, V9, DOI 10.1016/j.sftr.2025.100551
TI Achieving strategic goals by continuous improvement and lean manufacturing
   implementation: A structural equation model -system dynamics approach
AU Reza JRD; Alcaraz JLG; Ramírez CS; López JAG; Vargas AR; Alvarez JLR
TC 4
SO SUSTAIN FUTUR
PY 2025
AB companies implement lean manufacturing tools ( lmt ) jointly to align with
   their strategic goals , and mexican maquiladoras are no exception . however
   , little is known about the relationship between them or when these goals
   are achieved . in this paper , we present a structural equation model ( sem
   ) that integrates five lmt , where kaizen ( kai ) as a continuous
   improvement program is the independent variable and hoshin kanri ( hok ) as
   an alignment to objectives and as a dependent variable , with kanban ( kan )
   , total quality management ( tqm ) , and poka yoke ( poy ) as mediating
   tools , which are related by six hypotheses . the model was validated with
   information from 411 responses to a questionnaire applied to the mexican
   maquiladora industry using the partial least squares approach in the warppls
   v .8 software . then , with the direct effects from the sem , equations of
   the relationships between the variables are constructed and simulated using
   the system dynamics technique with stella architect v .3.0.1 to determine
   when lmts reach adequate levels of implementation . the findings indicate
   that kan , tqm , and poy reached implementation levels in approximately
   eight years , but kai and hok took up to 13 years , which may be due to
   constant changes in improvement approaches and strategic goals in response
   to the dynamism of globalized production systems .
DE lean manufacturing; strategic goals; kaizen; hoshin kanri; tqm
ID kanban system

---

UT 28
AR Blumberga A, 2024, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V41, P876, DOI 10.1002/sres.3074
TI Using an interactive simulation tool of national energy and climate policy
   planning to explore environmental policy options from the perspectives of
   different interest groups
AU Blumberga A
TC 2
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2024
AB to reach the paris agreement goals , european governments have defined
   national contributions to the eu binding climate goals and have developed
   national climate and energy plans for 2021_2030 ( necps ) . necps are
   detailed strategies in which governments can flexibly emphasize specific
   sectors , technologies and national energy policy choices . every country
   has built its own energy modeling capacity for forecasting purposes . in
   most countries , this national modeling relies on optimization tools such as
   markal or times . for latvia ' s energy sector , a system dynamics ( sd )
   model was built to complement the times model . the sd model deals with an
   integrated energy system , including the primary energy supply and
   transformation sector . energy distribution and storage system . and energy
   demand sectors ( residential , tertiary , public , industry and
   transportation ) . sectoral policies are presented in the stella architect
   interface . this study demonstrates how the interactive simulation tool was
   used in the environmental engineering master level course ' environmental
   policy and economics ' as an experiential learning approach . the student
   assignment involved applying this tool to develop and analyze the energy
   transition policy package for one of four ideological interest groups : deep
   greens , bright greens , light greens and grays . students had to assume a
   role and adopt its perspective by applying their border_crossing competence
   and reflecting on selected policy mixes for that ideology . various
   transition pathways , based on different ideologies , illustrate the
   possibilities for application . results show that students were successful
   in fulfilling the assignment .
DE energy and climate policy; interactive simulation tool; system dynamics
ID serious games; life-style; green

---

UT 29
AR Tolujevs J, 2018, TRANSP TELECOMMUN J, V19, P1, DOI 10.2478/ttj-2018-0001
TI INVESTIGATION OF ROAD TRANSPORT ENTERPRISE FUNCTIONING ON THE BASIS OF
   SYSTEM DYNAMICS
AU Tolujevs J; Shedenov O; Askarov G
TC 5
SO TRANSP TELECOMMUN J
PY 2018
AB the work is devoted to the study of the possibilities to apply the system
   dynamics method for the analysis of processes at the road transport
   enterprises . the study contains a concise review on examples of three
   simulation paradigms application for creating models , associated with the
   road motor transport . the following paradigms were under consideration :
   discrete event , agent based , and system dynamics . furthermore , the paper
   describes the causal loop diagram designed using the principles of system
   dynamics . this diagram is a qualitative model that represents the
   relationships between the main factors affecting the performance indicators
   of a road transport enterprise . the quantitative model constructed using
   the principles of system dynamics is also represented . the mentioned model
   reflects the process of functioning of a road transport enterprise during
   the year . the model is developed using vensim simulation software .
DE road transport; simulation; system dynamics; vensim
ID freight transport; simulation; models

---

UT 30
AR de Assis RF, 2021, INT J ADV MANUF TECHNOL, V114, P3537, DOI
   10.1007/s00170-021-07053-y
TI Translating value stream maps into system dynamics models: a practical
   framework
AU de Assis RF; de Santa-Eulalia LA; Ferreira WD; Armellini F; Anholon R;
   Rampasso IS; dos Santos JGCL
TC 22
SO INT J ADV MANUF TECHNOL
PY 2021
AB one of the best_known tools from lean thinking is the value stream mapping (
   vsm ) , which stands for a visual modeling approach allowing the
   identification of critical steps in a supply chain , thus helping to
   identify organizational bottlenecks and wastes . despite its relevance , vsm
   is based on a static report from the time the mapping was performed . to add
   dynamism to vsm analysis , computer_based simulations can be employed .
   however , little is done in the domain of systems dynamics ( sd ) , a known
   modeling approach usually employed to get insights about stock and flows
   behavior . in this context , this research aims to propose a practical
   framework called vsm_to_sd to help modelers easily translate vsm into system
   dynamics quantitative models using the notation of two known modeling tools
   on the market , namely stella ( c ) and vensim ( c ) . to demonstrate its
   usefulness and ease_of_use , a proof_of_concept is developed in an
   industrial case study . results suggest the efficiency of the vsm_to_sd
   framework , including its ability to straightforwardly generate
   simulation_based vsm , allowing analytic comparisons of different simulation
   scenarios , and expanding the analytic decision_making capacity of managers
   desiring to go further than traditional and static vsm .
DE lean manufacturing; value stream mapping; simulation modeling; system
   dynamics; vensim; stella
ID fdm

---

UT 31
AR Retuerto MG, 2021, INT J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL, V12, P537
TI System Dynamics Modeling for Solid Waste Management in Lima Peru
AU Retuerto MG; Espinoza DY; Andrade-Arenas L
TC 7
SO INT J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL
PY 2021
AB this research work focuses on environmental care based on the treatment of
   solid , organic and inorganic waste . these inappropriate wastes because
   deterioration of the environment and the ozone layer . this is why we are
   currently seeing an abrupt change in climate and diseases caused by
   environmental pollution . the objective of the research work is to perform a
   system dynamics modeling for effective and efficient solid waste management
   in lima peru , and thus contribute to the scientific community to achieve a
   future vision for solid waste management . the methodology used was system
   dynamics , which made it possible to analyze and understand the behavior of
   a complex solid waste system in a given time . in addition , vensim software
   was used for system dynamics modeling , creating the causal diagram and
   forrester diagram for solid waste management . the results obtained are the
   system dynamics modeling proposed for solid waste management , which were
   modeled from 2020 to 2030 , where by 2030 it will be reduced in favorable
   equilibrium to 23,066 tons . thanks to this system dynamics modeling ,
   society will be made aware of the need to sort and use solid waste , in
   order to reduce environmental pollution . likewise , having a healthy
   environment that will benefit health , agriculture and education will
   benefit society as a whole .
DE causal diagram; environmental pollution; forrester diagram; systems
   dynamics; vensim

---

UT 32
AR Barabanova M, 2018, ECON ANN-XXI, V173, P32, DOI 10.21003/ea.V173-05
TI Use of system dynamics tools in value-oriented approach in management
AU Barabanova M; Lebedeva L; Rastova Y; Uvarov S
TC 4
SO ECON ANN-XXI
PY 2018
AB the article is based upon assumption that in search for best sustainability
   any organization is leaning toward the value_oriented approach in management
   . this approach is grounded in the stakeholder theory , and addresses needs
   and expectations of consumers and other stakeholders on a long_term basis .
   when contributing to the best practices , companies produce shared values ,
   able to act as a social power , to enter into the public consciousness , and
   to transform into behavioral norms . at the same time , these practices
   support best handling of resources and opportunities thus leading companies
   to success . the system dynamics model presents enterprises with potential
   strategies grounded in the target indicators , provides objective assessment
   of the target indicators sensitivity to changes at one or several parameters
   , sets and corrects their controllable limits , identifies specific causes
   of variation and , thus , insures necessary adjustments to the business
   management . today , the system dynamics modeling is supported with
   mathematical software : maple , mathcad , maxima , anylogic , vensim ,
   ithink ( computer experiments software ) . in our research , we support the
   idea to develop methodology and improve practices of value_oriented approach
   in organization management based upon key tools of process efficiency , i .
   e . the system dynamics model . to build a system model and to run
   simulation analysis , we used anylogic software system . in this research ,
   system dynamics model is tested against the case of supply chain management
   in the food industries , which include production facilities of high
   seasonal demand and products distribution network . to meet volatile demand
   , the company keeps certain stock of products in the chain of regional
   warehouses , and shipping the products as soon as new order is received .
   the market conditions and customer requirements are such that if the
   products can not be shipped to the customer on time , then they buy these
   products from other sources . the system works steadily and does not require
   adjustments . minor fluctuations in demand also do not break the system ' s
   balance . the system works steadily and does not require adjustments . minor
   fluctuations in demand also do not break the system ' s balance . simulation
   of seasonal demand increase ( 40 % seasonal upsurge ) proved the rate of new
   production shifts is almost twice higher than that of demand and two times
   smaller than the production cycle length . the experiment draws us to the
   following conclusions . the first response to increased demand is the shrink
   of stocks due to the delivery delays because of the duration of production
   cycle . a natural reaction of the company to such sharp reduction in stocks
   is striving for extreme intensification in reply to the demand upsurge .
   this causes a multiplicative effect . since the stocks are initially
   shrinking , the only way to meet such shortfall is to raise the production
   rate above the shipments rate . the production shall exceed the shipments
   rate by sufficiently in volume and time to replenish the stocks in full .
   the launching peak value should lag behind the moment when the demand
   increases . the output adjustment reaches maximum at the moment when the
   stocks reach its minimum . the stocks start to grow only when the output
   rate exceeds the shipments rate which is always with delay . the research
   concludes on how to assess the response of targeted strategic indicators to
   the changes in one or more parameters of the system dynamics model . our
   conclusions also help to determine controlled variation limits of the key
   performance indicators and causes of variation , and hint on how to
   implement rational adjustments as well . the application of system dynamics
   tools in performance forecasting to better address customers and other
   stakeholders ' expectations and needs would allow enterprises to introduce
   value_oriented approach in management on a long_term balanced basis and to
   strengthen their competitive advantages .
DE value-oriented approach; management; system dynamics; enterprise; system;
   system dynamics tools; food industry

---

UT 33
AR Martínez-Marín S, 2020, SOC SCI-BASEL, V9, DOI 10.3390/socsci9020012
TI Cluster Competitiveness Modeling: An Approach with Systems Dynamics
AU Martínez-Marín S; Puello-Pereira N; Ovallos-Gazabon D
TC 5
SO SOC SCI-BASEL
PY 2020
AB this study makes a systemic review to cluster and create a competitiveness
   relationship considering a systems dynamics approach . a dynamic hypothesis
   was constructed to validate what factors increase a cluster ' s level of
   competitiveness , through causal analysis . then , the causal diagram that
   validates the dynamic h0 hypothesis was constructed in vensim ple systems (
   ( r ) ) . literature review shows the evolution of the cluster system
   according to the current needs of the market , and emphasizes the need for
   new approaches and models that capture the complexity and dynamics of this
   system , allowing the understanding of its structure and the evaluation of
   the contribution of factors and capabilities to cluster competitiveness . it
   highlights the usefulness of systems dynamics as a simulation methodology
   for dynamic and complex systems , and establishes itself as a growing line
   of research applied to various systems of study . dynamic hypothesis h0 was
   validated using the causal diagram , reaching the conclusion that innovation
   , productive management , financial management , organizational management ,
   commercial management , and cluster management factors positively increase
   the cluster competitiveness level . from structure analysis , the behavior
   is associated to the archetype ' ' path dependence ' ' , usual in growing
   industrial markets .
DE competitiveness; cluster; system dynamics; dynamic hypothesis; causal
   diagram
ID industrial clusters; supply chains; performance; innovation; policy;
   capabilities; growth; connectivity; perspective; strategies

---

UT 34
AR Tseng CH, 2019, J CLEAN PROD, V239, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2019.118006
TI System dynamics modeling of waste management, greenhouse gas emissions, and
   environmental costs from convenience stores
AU Tseng CH; Hsu YC; Chen YC/1
TC 28
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2019
AB the municipal solid waste ( msw ) , food waste , and spent coffee grounds (
   scg ) generated by the fast_growing convenience store market is expected to
   affect the environment . in this study , six waste management scenarios and
   their greenhouse gas ( ghg ) emissions and environmental costs were
   evaluated using a system dynamics model from stella software . a maximum ghg
   mitigation of 24.22 % was reached when both food waste and scg were
   anaerobically digested with energy recovery . energy recovery from waste
   management is helpful for ghg mitigation , but its effects are limited .
   recycling msw is the most costly method of waste management , followed by
   incineration and anaerobic digestion . the highest environmental revenue us
   $ 5332/y was achieved in the third scenario with highest ghg mitigation . to
   meet the requirements of corporate social responsibility , businesses could
   use the method established in this study to evaluate the environmental
   impacts of their ghg emissions and associated costs . ( c ) 2019 elsevier
   ltd . all rights reserved .
DE cost; energy; food waste; greenhouse gas; spent coffee grounds; waste
ID municipal; construction; generation

---

UT 35
AR Bekteshi S, 2015, J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST-JSDEWES, V3, P303, DOI
   10.13044/j.sdewes.2015.03.0023
TI Dynamic Modeling of Kosovo's Electricity Supply-Demand, Gaseous Emissions
   and Air Pollution
AU Bekteshi S; Kabashi S; Ahmetaj S; Slaus I; Zidansek A; Podrimqaku K;
   Kastrati S
TC 8
SO J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST-JSDEWES
PY 2015
AB in this paper is described the developing of an integrated electricity
   supply_demand , gaseous emission and air pollution model for study of
   possible baseline electricity developments and available options to mitigate
   emissions . this model is constructed in stella software , which makes use
   of systems dynamics modeling as the methodology . several baseline scenarios
   have been developed from this model and a set of options of possible
   developments of kosovo ' s electricity supply_demand and gaseous emissions
   are investigated . the analysis of various scenarios results in medium
   growth scenarios ( mgs ) that imply building of generation capacities and
   increase in participation of the electricity generation from renewable
   sources . mgs would be 10 % of the total electricity generation and ensure
   sustainable development of the electricity sector . at the same time , by
   implementation of new technologies , this would be accompanied by reduced
   greenhouse gasses ( ghg ) ( co2 and nox ) emissions by 60 % and significant
   reduction for air pollutants ( dust and so2 ) by 40 % compared to the
   business_as_usual ( bau ) case . conclusively , obtained results show that
   building of new generation capacities by introducing new technologies and
   orientation on environmentally friendly energy sources can ensure
   sustainable development of the electricity sector in kosovo .
DE modeling; electricity demand; electricity supply; emissions; scenarios;
   system dynamics

---

UT 36
AR Canales FA, 2014, REV ELECTRON GEST EDUC TECHNOL AMBIENT, V18, P1207, DOI
   10.5902/2236117014314
TI System Dynamics for sequencing batch reactors modeling
AU Canales FA; Mendes CAB
TC 0
SO REV ELECTRON GEST EDUC TECHNOL AMBIENT
PY 2014
AB wastewater treatment by sequencing batch reactors is a variation of the
   activated_sludge process , because they combine all of the treatment steps
   and processes into a single tank . this paper presents a model created in
   vensim and based on system dynamics with the aim of simulating the filling
   and depletion of the tanks in a wastewater treatment system by sequencing
   batch reactors , considering a high variability of the inflow along the day
   . the system shown is comprised of two tanks , a bypass , and an optional
   influent equalization basin . some examples are included to illustrate the
   capacity of the model to simulate different system configurations ,
   something that is supported by the results of these examples . the model can
   be adapted to include characteristics of similar wastewater treatment
   systems , allowing the evaluation of different conditions depending on the
   characteristics of wastewater inflows and physical or chemical features of
   the treatment plant .
DE system dynamics; sequencing batch reactors; vensim

---

UT 37
AR Honti G, 2019, DATA BR, V27, DOI 10.1016/j.dib.2019.104723
TI Network analysis dataset of system dynamics models
AU Honti G; Dörgo G; Abonyi J
TC 4
SO DATA BR
PY 2019
AB this paper presents a tool developed for the analysis of networks extracted
   from system dynamics models . the developed tool and the collected models
   were used and analyzed in the research paper , review and structural
   analysis of system dynamics models in sustainability science [ 1 ] . the
   models developed in vensim , stella , and insightmaker are converted into
   networks of state_variables , flows , and parameters by the developed python
   program that also performs model reduction , modularity analysis and
   calculates the structural properties of the models and its main variables .
   the dataset covers the results of the analysis of nine models in
   sustainability science used for policy testing , prediction and simulation .
   ( c ) 2019 the authors . published by elsevier inc . this is an open access
   article under the cc by license (
   http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ ) .
DE systems dynamics models; model analysis; network analysis; sustainability;
   cause-effect analysis

---

UT 38
AR Egieya JM, 2024, SCI ENV, V934, DOI 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2024.173289
TI Predictive simulation of the water-energy-food nexus for the City of Cape
   Town
AU Egieya JM; Parker Y; Hofmann VS; Daher B; Gorgens J; Goosen NJ
TC 5
SO SCI ENV
PY 2024
AB the city of cape town ( coct ) , south africa faced a critical situation
   between 2015 and 2018 in which the municipal water supply was almost
   completely exhausted . this situation , commonly referred to as day zero in
   south africa emanated from a decline in rainfall , resulting in one of the
   most severe droughts in history . the crisis was also aggravated by rapid
   population growth and urbanization . coct was on the verge of becoming the
   first city in the past decade to experience a complete cessation of water
   supply for urban and agricultural purposes . in addition to the effects of
   low rainfall and population surge , urban energy consumption and increased
   food demand impacted directly the available water resources . to evaluate
   the interlinkages between water utilization , water production , energy
   supply and demand , and food production and demand , this study employed a
   system dynamics modeling ( sdm ) approach . the model was developed as a
   stock and flow diagram utilizing stella architect and encompassed five
   interconnected nodes : water , energy , food , land , and population . the
   findings revealed that by the end of the 20 _year modeling period , the
   volume of accessible and stored water in all the major dams will be
   approximately 459 million cubic meters , with residential use accounting for
   about 85 % of urban water use and agriculture accounting for
   approximately30.37 % of total water demand . the model illustrates the
   impacts of precipitation rate , runoff , and evaporation on variables such
   as land _use change and population dynamics . it is anticipated that the
   outcomes of this study will serve as valuable inputs for decisionmaking
   processes , not only within the coct as it aims to mitigate or prevent the
   recurrence of day zero , but also for other cities facing similar challenges
   .
DE wef nexus; system dynamics modeling; climate-change; water planning;
   simulation

---

UT 39
AR Amega K, 2022, ENERGY EFFIC, V15, DOI 10.1007/s12053-022-10044-x
TI Energy efficiency impact on urban residential's electricity consumption and
   carbon dioxide reduction: a case study of Lome, Togo
AU Amega K; Lare Y; Moumouni Y
TC 1
SO ENERGY EFFIC
PY 2022
AB urban areas ' energy consumption accounts for almost three fourths the
   global energy use with 70 % of the related emissions . therefore , cities
   play a meaningful role in decoupling economic growth from greenhouse gasses
   ( ghgs ) emissions . this study presents a system dynamic approach to model
   the energy efficiency impact on the togolese capital city ' s residential
   electricity consumption and carbon dioxide emissions reduction . the time
   spans from 2000 to 2050 . an assessment of household appliances , such as
   lighting , refrigeration , cooling , and ventilation , was conducted along
   with monitoring electricity consumption of used and newly bought televisions
   , refrigerators , and freezers . then , using stella software , lome ' s
   residential electricity consumption model was built based on the following
   variables : ( 1 ) population , ( 2 ) the number of existing households with
   access to electricity , ( 3 ) new homes having access to electricity , and (
   4 ) per capita electricity consumption . the model was calibrated and
   validated using data for the years 2000 to 2016 . afterward , this previous
   knowledge was used to evaluate three efficient energy policies : 1 )
   business_as_usual scenario , 2 ) new policies scenario , and 3 ) sensitivity
   scenario . lome ' s households present a predominantly low efficient
   appliances percentage . therefore , the study found that substituting
   inefficient electric appliances with new and efficient models can lead togo
   to substantial energy savings and reduce co2 emissions of about 680 gwh and
   350 kt in the horizon of 2050 , respectively . additionally , the findings
   of this study could stimulate policymakers to audit other sectors to
   implement related energy efficiency policies and / or set up corresponding
   energy management strategies in neighboring emerging countries .
DE carbon dioxide; energy efficiency; electricity consumption; residential
   sector; system dynamics
ID system dynamics; economic-growth; co2 emissions; determinants; demand;
   appliance; africa

---

UT 40
AR Sudhan SP, 2020, J TRANSP ENG PT B-PAVEMENTS, V146, DOI
   10.1061/JPEODX.0000170
TI Development of Pavement Deterioration Prediction Models for Low Volume Roads
   Using System Dynamics
AU Sudhan SP; Mathew BS; Rose S; Isaac KP
TC 7
SO J TRANSP ENG PT B-PAVEMENTS
PY 2020
AB pavements are the basic infrastructure required for the overall economic
   development of a country . a realistic prediction of pavement deterioration
   is mandatory for the effective maintenance of these pavements and , hence ,
   for the proper functioning of a road network system . the pavement
   deterioration process and the causative factors contributing to the
   deterioration are dynamic in nature , i . e . , it varies over time . system
   dynamics ( sd ) is an appropriate modeling approach that can capture the
   dynamics of pavement deterioration . the objective of this paper is to
   develop pavement deterioration prediction models for low_volume roads using
   system dynamics . deterioration models were developed using the pavement
   condition data from 14 low volume roads in the state of kerala in india
   using the software powersim studio version 10. the prediction models are
   validated by comparing with field values , and the goodness of the models is
   established statistically . the comparison reveals that system dynamics can
   be efficiently used for the development of pavement deterioration prediction
   models . ( c ) 2020 american society of civil engineers .
DE system dynamics; deterioration; raveling; pothole; edge failure

---

UT 41
AR Kala K, 2022, HELIYON, V8, DOI 10.1016/j.heliyon.2022.e09993
TI Analysis of informal waste management using system dynamic modelling
AU Kala K; Bolia NB
TC 23
SO HELIYON
PY 2022
AB the informal sector is the backbone for sustainable waste management in a
   high population density country such as india . moreover , the operations of
   the value chain of informal waste management provide direct or indirect
   benefits for the environment and human resource development . unfortunately
   this sector has always been regarded as a fraudulent activity that sustains
   without paying taxes , creates unjust competition , and weakens unions and
   the regulatory structure of the government . these perceptions often lead
   india to pursue a policy that intentionally or inadvertently amounts to
   retributive measures . however , the alarming increase in the rate of waste
   generation has coerced the governments of several countries to incorporate
   the indispensable informal sector in their policy initiatives . accordingly
   , this paper presents a pioneering system dynamics based model ( using
   stella architect software ) to analyze the impact of the recent policies and
   decision strategies on the effectiveness of the informal waste management
   sector . the paper explores the case of delhi , india to illustrate the
   model and provides valuable insights into the urban waste management process
   . the results of the model demonstrate that significant economic and
   environmental benefits can be realized by leveraging the natural strengths
   of the informal sector . further , it is shown that efficient implementation
   of policies related to informal waste management can reduce the recyclable
   waste in the landfills dumped by municipal corporations or otherwise to zero
   . also , waste recycling capacity can be increased from 39 percent to 100
   percent by strengthening irc ( informal recycling coefficient , introduced
   in this paper ) in a span of 30 years . this increase will have positive
   impact on land usage , environment degradation and operation cost used in
   the formal waste collection .
DE informal waste management; circular economy; solid-waste management;
   recycling; system dynamics; public policy

---

UT 42
AR Fu X, 2024, BUILD, V14, DOI 10.3390/buildings14051488
TI Risk Analysis and Simulation of Large Bridge Construction Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Fu X; Yang M; Liu HQ; Wang LT; Li Q
TC 6
SO BUILD
PY 2024
AB to reduce risk incidents in large bridge construction , it is necessary to
   study the interaction mechanisms and dynamic changes among various risk
   factors during the construction of large bridges . first , the evolution
   mechanism of construction risks for large bridges is analyzed , and a risk
   factor structure system is established . then , based on system dynamics
   theory , a causal loop diagram and flow_stock diagram are constructed , and
   system dynamics equations for each variable in the flow diagram are
   established to build a system dynamics model . finally , taking a large
   bridge construction project as an example , the variable equations are
   assigned actual values , and the construction risk level is simulated and
   analyzed . the results show that , ( 1 ) continuous investment in safety
   funds can effectively reduce the overall risk level of the system , ( 2 )
   changes in the management risk subsystem have a significant impact on the
   overall risk level of large bridge construction , and ( 3 ) increasing the
   safety investment ratio in both the personnel risk subsystem and the
   management risk subsystem can effectively reduce the total risk level of the
   system .
DE bridge engineering; construction; system dynamics; safety investment; vensim

---

UT 43
AR Liu LY, 2019, COGENT ENG, V6, DOI 10.1080/23311916.2019.1682775
TI Sustainable development analysis of design and manufacturing integration: A
   system dynamics approach
AU Liu LY; Hsu Y; Lin JL
TC 1
SO COGENT ENG
PY 2019
AB the issue of the sustainability of design and manufacturing is dynamic ,
   comprehensive and complex , and has always been a subject of discussion for
   scholars . this paper focuses on the sustainable issues of design and
   manufacturing and attempts to establish a system dynamics model combining
   design and manufacturing sustainability ( cdms ) . through the method of
   system dynamics , vensim software is used as the research tool , and the
   functions and influence proportions of the influencing variables are
   substituted into the model and then calculated . the information feedback
   mechanism and the causal cycle principle are used to simulate the
   development state of design and manufacturing . the results show that cdms
   can smoothly present the interaction between design and manufacturing , and
   the variables are related to each other , showing the advantages of the cdms
   model in analyzing the sustainable development of design and manufacturing .
   the research can provide further reference for follow_up research and
   practical application .
DE system dynamics; sustainable development; manufacturing; design
ID model; behavior; thinking; cost

---

UT 44
AR Wang Y, 2013, J APPL SCI ENG, V16, P187, DOI 10.6180/jase.2013.16.2.10
TI Application and Improvement of a System Dynamics Model to Forecast the
   Volume of Containers
AU Wang Y; Chou CC; Yeo GT
TC 5
SO J APPL SCI ENG
PY 2013
AB the forecasting of container volumes is a critical component in both the
   nation ' s economy and the development of ports . this paper attempts to
   generate a model for forecasting container volumes at ports using system
   dynamics to provide higher forecasting accuracy . first , a regression model
   and system dynamics model are employed to forecast the container volume in
   taiwan , the average forecasting error shows that the system dynamics model
   has higher forecasting ability . second , data for the period 1990_2008 in
   taiwan and korea are used to forecast the container volumes for 2016 . the
   total container volumes come from the import / export container volume and
   transshipment container volume . the input data are divided into two sets
   _total and import / export_according to the properties of the port or nation
   . by comparing the error of the result using the two sets of input data ,
   the system dynamics model in this paper is improved and is shown to be a
   good method for forecasting container volumes at different ports or nations
   in the world .
DE forecast; system dynamics; regression model; vensim simulation tool

---

UT 45
AR Muldianto H, 2020, INT J GEOMATE, V19, P8, DOI 10.21660/2020.72.02271
TI SUSTAINABLE WATER SERVICES FEE USING A SYSTEM DYNAMICS APPROACH IN JATIGEDE
   RESERVOIR
AU Muldianto H; Andawayanti U; Suhartanto E; Soetopo W
TC 3
SO INT J GEOMATE
PY 2020
AB reservoir operation and maintenance costs consist of the water service fee
   from the beneficial water users , and the subsidy from the government .
   sustainable operation and maintenance should keep the government subsidy at
   the minimum level while at the same time considering the willingness to pay
   from the water users . these two parameters of subsidy and water service fee
   form an interdependent feedback loop in determining operation and
   maintenance costs , that belong to the system dynamics phenomenon . this
   paper calculates the level of government subsidy and the water services fee
   in order to reach optimal water resources management using a system dynamics
   approach , in the jatigede multipurpose reservoir in west java_indonesia .
   jatigede reservoir with a volume of 877 million m3 irrigates almost 90
   thousand hectares of rice field , providing a public water supply of 3.5
   m3/s , and a targeted energy generation of 110 mw . the methodology of using
   the system dynamics approach is starting with the identification of the
   interrelated parameters into a causal loop diagram , conversion into stock
   and flow diagram , and programming using powersim . it is concluded that the
   system dynamics approach can reveal the optimal solution , a combination of
   minimum government subsidy and water services fee within the range of
   willingness to pay , that minimize the additional maintenance costs in the
   long term .
DE water service fee; system dynamics; sustainable management; multipurpose
   reservoir

---

UT 46
AR Song HD, 2011, EDUC TECHNOL SOC, V14, P141
TI A Simulation Model that Decreases Faculty Concerns about Adopting Web-Based
   Instruction
AU Song HD; Wang WT; Liu CY
TC 8
SO EDUC TECHNOL SOC
PY 2011
AB faculty members have different concerns as they integrate new technology
   into their teaching practices . the integration of web_based instruction in
   higher_education settings will not be successful if these faculty concerns
   are not addressed . four main stages of faculty concern ( information ,
   personal , management , and impact ) were identified based on hall ' s
   concern_based adoption model . by reviewing the literature on the diffusion
   of on_line education , the author identified support factors that may
   decrease faculty concerns about adopting wbi . system dynamics was used to
   examine associations between faculty concerns and these support factors .
   based on these associations , a simulation model was built using stella to
   test the potential impact of support factors on the adoption of wbi by
   faculty members . the simulation model will aid educators and administrators
   in evaluating the impacts of support factors on the adoption of wbi .
DE stella software; adoption of wbi; supporting factors for adoption of
   technology; faculty concern; system dynamics
ID technology integration

---

UT 47
AR Liu YH, 2024, AIMS MATH, V9, P20326, DOI 10.3934/math.2024989
TI Research on investment evaluation of highway projects based on system
   dynamics model
AU Liu YH; Deng H; Gao HQ; Ni W
TC 0
SO AIMS MATH
PY 2024
AB aiming at the deficiencies presented by the traditional methods of highway
   project investment evaluation , the proposed highway investment evaluation
   method was based on system dynamics . first , we constructed an evaluation
   index system from profitability , solvency , and risk resistance and
   clarified the positive and negative causality within the investment
   evaluation system of highway projects . second , we determined the
   boundaries of the system dynamics model and divided it into six sub_systems
   , namely , income , cash flow , investment evaluation , profit , cost ,
   investment and financing , and liabilities . and then , we established the
   system dynamics model of highway investment evaluation based on the
   sub_systems . the model made up for the limitations of the traditional
   discounted cash flow method . finally , taking the china ' s yunnan province
   an expressway project as an example , using vensim software simulation , we
   get the evaluation results of the system dynamics model and make a
   comparative analysis with the discounted cash flow method , which showed
   that the calculation inaccuracies of the npv and other financial indicators
   were in a reasonable range , and the evaluation method had strong
   operability and practicability . the system dynamics investment evaluation
   model provided a systematic , intuitive , whole_process investment
   evaluation method , which provided a theoretical basis for the analysis and
   decision_making of the investment effect of highway projects .
DE transportation economics; investment appraisal; system dynamics; highways;
   discounted cash flow approach

---

UT 48
AR Kaushalya RDT, 2017, ENG-J INST ENG SRI LANKA, V50, P31, DOI
   10.4038/engineer.v50i4.7273
TI System Dynamics Based Model for the Nachchaduwa Reservoir in the Malwathu
   Oya Basin, Sri Lanka
AU Kaushalya RDT; Nandalal KDW
TC 1
SO ENG-J INST ENG SRI LANKA
PY 2017
AB though sri lanka is a water rich country where many water resources
   development projects have been implemented , the country still very often
   faces many issues due to water scarcity . by improving the management of
   existing water resources development projects such issues could be addressed
   . the irrigation area coming under the nachchaduwa reservoir scheme in the
   malwathu oya basin has encountered severe water scarcities in the recent
   past . this paper presents a system dynamics based simulation model that
   will help in making decisions for managing the nachchaduwa reservoir for
   fulfilling the water requirements of its irrigation area . the model was
   developed using system dynamics concepts and the software used was vensim
   professional . the advantage of system dynamics modeling is its ability to
   model many different sectors such as water quantity , population ,
   agriculture and economy using one single model making it possible to look at
   all sectors using the same model . the model developed for the nachchaduwa
   reservoir system comprised of the above sectors and was used to investigate
   several optional operation patterns of the system . four different
   operational patterns were considered based on crop types and cropping areas
   . initially , the developed model was tested for its applicability and
   thereafter it was used to determine the most suitable cropping pattern . the
   results indicate that the patterns consisting of 100 % paddy during the maha
   season and 50 % paddy and 50 % maize during the yala season as the most
   suitable cropping patterns for the two seasons . the model also showed that
   the temporary increase in the population by the pilgrims and tourists
   visiting the area during festive seasons affects the amount of water
   available for crops .
DE system dynamics simulation; vensim software; nachchaduwa reservoir
ID water

---

UT 49
AR Marzouk M, 2014, RESOUR CONSERV RECY, V82, P41, DOI
   10.1016/j.resconrec.2013.10.015
TI Environmental and economic impact assessment of construction and demolition
   waste disposal using system dynamics
AU Marzouk M; Azab S
TC 300
SO RESOUR CONSERV RECYCL
PY 2014
AB construction and demolition wastes ( cdw ) have increasingly serious
   problems in environmental , social , and economic realms . there is no
   coherent framework for utilization of these wastes which are disposed both
   legally and illegally . this harms the environment , contributes to the
   increase of energy consumption , and depletes finite landfills resources .
   the aim of this paper is to evaluate the impacts of two alternatives for the
   management of cdw , recycling and disposing . the evaluation is carried out
   through developing a dynamic model with aid stella software by conducting
   the following steps : ( 1 ) quantifying the total cost incurred to mitigate
   the impacts of cdw landfills and uncollected waste on the environment and
   human health . ( 2 ) quantifying the total avoided emissions and saved
   energy by recycling waste . ( 3 ) estimating total external cost saved by
   recycling waste and . ( 4 ) providing a decision support tool that helps in
   re_thinking about waste disposal . the proposed evaluation methodology
   allows activating the stringent regulations that restrict waste disposal and
   developing incentives to encourage constructors to recycle their wastes .
   the research findings show that recycling cdw leads to significant
   reductions in emissions , energy use , global warming potential ( gwp ) ,
   and conserves landfills space when compared to disposal of wastes in
   landfills . furthermore , the cost of mitigating the impact of disposal is
   extremely high . therefore , it is necessary to recycle construction and
   demolition wastes . ( c ) 2013 elsevier b.v . all rights reserved .
DE construction and demolition wastes ( cdw ); environmental and economic-
   impact assessment; pollutant emissions; waste recycling; global warming
   potential ( gwp ); system dynamics modeling
ID recycling plant; management; model; portugal; china

---

UT 50
AR Bouloiz H, 2013, SAFETY SCI, V58, P32, DOI 10.1016/j.ssci.2013.02.013
TI A system dynamics model for behavioral analysis of safety conditions in a
   chemical storage unit
AU Bouloiz H; Garbolino E; Tkiouat M; Guarnieri F
TC 66
SO SAF SCI
PY 2013
AB this paper aims to develop a system dynamics model in order to formalize
   causal interdependencies between safety factors ( technical , organizational
   and human ) . these factors define safety conditions in a complex industrial
   system . it is a systemic approach founded on the method of system dynamics
   and the case study is a storage unit for chemical products located in
   morocco . system dynamics using vensim ( r ) software has been applied to ,
   assess the safety of the storage unit by modeling the activity of the
   industrial system . through simulation , users can define deviant scenarios
   in order to improve safety of the industrial system and implement managerial
   tools involving organizational , technical and human factors . ( c ) 2013
   elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE system dynamics; safety; organization; causal interaction; system behavior;
   scenarios
ID risk analysis

---

UT 51
AR Bastan M, 2018, KYBERNETES, V47, P142, DOI 10.1108/K-01-2017-0003
TI Sustainable development of agriculture: a system dynamics model
AU Bastan M; Khorshid-Doust RR; Sisi SD; Ahmadvand A
TC 69
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2018
AB purpose_sustainable development is the management and conservation of the
   basic natural resources through which organizational and technological
   changes are lead to meet present and future needs of humans . in developing
   and analyzing the solutions based on sustainable development principles , an
   integrated and holistic approach needs to be pursued . not only system
   dynamics has the essential tools for systemic analysis , but also it is an
   appropriate approach for perceiving problems and offering solutions . the
   aim of this study is to present an integrated and systemic model to analyze
   the existent dynamics in sustainable development of iran ' s farming
   industry . design / methodology / approach_to achieve the mathematical
   equations and values of model ' s variables , a simulation is carried out
   using the data gathered from damavand city , tehran , iran . the parameters
   of the model are selected and calculated considering the specifications of
   this case study . after modeling the system , vensim simulation software has
   been employed , followed by identifying the leverage points of the model .
   then , a set of scenarios have been generated and tested through simulation
   to achieve a much improved understanding of the system ' s dynamic behavior
   . findings_the results show that two factors are among the most important
   leverage points : ' ' profit gained from agriculture ' ' and ' ' required
   water ' ' . the authors could also observe that the main issue in damavand
   is the lack of water for which saving policies would be a major step toward
   agriculture ' s sustainable development in this area . originality /
   value_the paper shows how system dynamics simulation approach can provide
   deep insights into the field of sustainable development and present
   efficient policies for agriculture sustainability .
DE sustainable development; system dynamics; farming level; land transformation
ID land-use change; rural china; optimization; province; project

---

UT 52
AR Abadi LSK, 2015, KSCE J CIV ENG, V19, P1941, DOI 10.1007/s12205-014-0570-7
TI An analysis of the sustainability of basin water resources using Vensim
   model
AU Abadi LSK; Shamsai A; Goharnejad H
TC 41
SO KSCE J CIV ENG
PY 2015
AB given the high dynamics of water resources management systems , system
   dynamics approach and vensim model has been used to model the water
   resources system in the study area . after verification of the model , the
   sustainability indicators were assessed under simulated scenarios and
   different policy packages . at the end , the policy packages related to each
   scenario were ranked based on analytical hierarchy process . according to
   the results , increased irrigation efficiency and reduced non_revenue water
   coefficient were the most important objectives in the short and medium terms
   . moreover , reducing net crop water demand was necessary . in long term ,
   reducing net crop water demand was the most important objective . also ,
   increased irrigation efficiency and reduced nonrevenue water coefficient had
   less importance especially in the scenarios of current economic and
   population growth rate .
DE system dynamics; vensim model; sustainability indicators; scenarios and
   policy packages; analytical hierarchy process
ID system dynamics; management

---

UT 53
AR Shao LS, 2018, PROCESS INTEGR OPTIM SUSTAIN, V2, P383, DOI
   10.1007/s41660-018-0049-y
TI Research on Coal Demand Problem Based on System Dynamics
AU Shao LS; Zhao SQ
TC 0
SO PROCESS INTEGR OPTIM SUSTAIN
PY 2018
AB coal is the main energy resource in china . predicting the dynamic trend of
   coal demand accurately plays an important role in energy consumption . four
   scenarios that include weak industrialization scenario , strong service
   scenario , weak industrialization scenario , and strong service scenario
   that are based on the progress of science and technology , have been set to
   regulate five key factors , consisting of natural population growth rate ,
   gdp growth rate , industrial proportion , tertiary industry proportion , and
   proportion of investment in science and technology . based on system
   dynamics method and vensim_ple software , the system dynamics model of coal
   demand forecasting is built to simulate the total coal demand during
   2011_2016 and forecast the total coal demand from 2017 to 2030 . the
   constructed model can better predict the future coal demand through the test
   . in terms of total amount of coal demand , china ' s coal demand has a
   trend of decreasing , which is lower than the 2016 level setting . the total
   coal demand of scenario 2 is higher than the rest of the scenarios and the
   total coal demand of scenario 4 is the smallest . coal demand slows down
   under strong service sector , and inversely weak industrialization scenario
   , which is based on the progress of science and technology , can better
   control the total coal demand .
DE system dynamics; total coal demand; scenario analysis; prediction model

---

UT 54
AR Gao G, 2019, J GLOB MANAG, V27, P189, DOI 10.4018/JGIM.2019100110
TI A Systems Dynamics Simulation Study of Network Public Opinion Evolution
   Mechanism
AU Gao G; Wang TY; Zheng XR; Chen Y; Xu XB
TC 18
SO J GLOB MANAG
PY 2019
AB the factors that affect formation and dissemination of public opinion have
   been studied for a long time . however , the findings are disparate and
   fragmented , given the characteristics of netizens and new media in the big
   data era . to this end , this article introduces eight mechanisms working on
   formation and dissemination of public opinion on network . based on system
   dynamics , this article further proposes a comprehensive causal relationship
   model to explore the factors affecting the consequence of public opinion on
   network . particularly , the role of government is taken into consideration
   in this model . a simulation with vensim ple is conducted . the results of
   the simulation indicate that group polarization among netizens , opinion
   leaders , the quantity of media audience , the frequency of media report ,
   government attention , and warning mechanism for public opinion crisis
   affect the consequence of public opinion on network significantly .
   implications of the findings are discussed .
DE network; public opinion; simulation; system dynamics
ID big data; industry 40; model; internet; management; things; media

---

UT 55
AR Singh R, 2016, KYBERNETES, V45, P411, DOI 10.1108/K-05-2014-0111
TI System dynamics to turnaround an Indian microfinance institution
AU Singh R; Bhar C
TC 2
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2016
AB purpose_the purpose of this paper is to present a policy comparison tool for
   indian microfinance institutions ( mfis ) so that they can choose the best
   policy for implementation . it provides for turnaround of a troubled mfi by
   analyzing the performance of different policies . design / methodology /
   approach_the paper has done a web survey to identify the need of a strategic
   tool for mfi . it has built a decision support system ( dss ) using system
   dynamics . a corporate model of mfi has been constructed using ithink 10.0.2
   software . a quantitative validity test has been done to find the robustness
   of the model . finally four policies are tested and the performance
   indicators have been used to suggest the best policy . apart from this dss
   is used to test the implementation range of a policy . findings_' '
   integration of microfinance with country ' s mainstream financial system
   along with provisioning 1 percent of outstanding loans ' ' is recommended
   for the mfi as this will increase the financial performance . research
   limitations / implications_in its present form the corporate model developed
   for mfi is not applicable for judging social performance . therefore mfis
   might be skeptic toward it . however , incorporation of certain performance
   indicators such as financial_self_sufficiency ratio might help in overcoming
   this reluctance . practical implications_' ' integration of microfinance
   with country ' s mainstream financial system along with restricting
   provision ' ' will generate better performance for the mfi . therefore this
   policy should be implemented by the mfi . there are other considerations
   which need to be taken into account while implementing this policy . the
   integration may require outsourcing of certain operations to banks ,
   utilization of bank branches to disseminate knowledge related to the conduct
   of transactions , usage of customized bank software to handle the day_to_day
   business , development of new softwares for mobile messaging to help poor
   customers avail of schemes run by the banks , fill loan application forms
   online , send reminders for loan recovery . provide incentives such as
   upgradation of poor customers to become regular customers of banks . social
   implications_by improving the health of the mfi a bigger goal to reach the
   poor will be achieved in the long run . the mfi has around five million
   clients at present and if the company becomes insolvent then the future of
   these clients is going to be impacted . the organization has interacted
   closely with these clients and therefore knows how to upgrade their
   financial state . originality / value_the tool is first of its kind in the
   microfinance industry . so far the microfinance technology providers have
   dealt with management information system and information and communication
   technology . the tool has been built to present a quantitative model for
   overall operations of the mfi . the simulation of this model helps in
   predicting future scenarios .
DE microfinance; system dynamics
ID management; simulation

---

UT 56
AR Zhou HP, 2023, KYBERNETES, V52, P4322, DOI 10.1108/K-11-2021-1188
TI Research on the mechanism of knowledge coupling affecting firms' innovation
   results driven by digitization--based on system dynamics methodology
TC 7
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2023
AB purpose the purpose of this paper is to build a system dynamics model to
   reveal the structure and dynamics of knowledge coupling affecting firms '
   innovation results in the digital context . design / methodology / approach
   drawing on the recombined view of innovation , this paper divides knowledge
   coupling into two dimensions : component knowledge coupling and
   architectural knowledge coupling . then , the authors build a system
   dynamics model to identify the interaction of knowledge coupling factors and
   use the professional vensim ple to conduct simulation analysis to capture
   the dynamic interaction of motivation factors in knowledge coupling system .
   findings the results show that both technology resources and digital dynamic
   capability play positive effects in the mechanism of knowledge coupling
   influencing firms ' innovation results , while organizational inertia
   negatively affects the process of knowledge coupling to achieve innovation
   outcomes . originality / value this study develops a holistic system
   dynamics model to reveal and elaborate on the complex dynamic mechanism of
   knowledge coupling impacting firms ' innovation results in the context of
   digitization and provides a theoretical reference for companies to
   effectively adopt digital technology to carry out knowledge coupling
   strategy .
DE digitization; knowledge coupling; innovation results; system dynamics
ID search; technology; exploration; performance; information; alliances;
   impact; old

---

UT 57
AR Mehregan E, 2022, INT J EARLY CHILD SPEC EDUC, V14, P941, DOI 10.9756/INT-
   JECSE/V14I4.124
TI Supply chain modeling with system dynamics approach (Case study of Firooz
   Health Products Company)
AU Mehregan E
TC 2
SO INT J EARLY CHILD SPEC EDUC
PY 2022
AB considering the application of system dynamics in supply chain management ,
   this study aims at dynamic supply chain modeling in firooz health products
   company . this study used vensim software to develop and validate supply
   chain modeling . in this regard , first identifies the components and
   variables of the chain based on the existing literature and then presents
   the dynamic hypothesis and after the causal loops and rate_state diagrams ,
   tests the model based on the system dynamics method . finally , the accuracy
   of the model is tested and policies to reduce lost sales , reduce inventory
   and receive accurate information to improve model indicators are presented .
   based on the results , with a slight change in the logic of deciding the
   time of issuing orders from the distribution center to the production plant
   and knowing the inventory of raw materials at that time , the amount of
   reliability reserve , central warehouse inventory and distribution center
   warehouse inventory can overcome this problem . can be a reason to increase
   the reactivity of the chain .
DE supply chain; system dynamics; firooz health products company

---

UT 58
AR Harrison MA, 2021, J ANIM SCI, V99, DOI 10.1093/jas/skaa405
TI Evaluation of biological and economic efficiency of the All Heifer, No Cow
   beef production system using a system dynamics model based on 6 yr of
   demonstration herd data
AU Harrison MA; Sheehan JJ; Seidel GE; Mooney DF; Rhoades RD; Ahola JK
TC 5
SO J ANIM SCI
PY 2021
AB alternative management strategies with no cows and all heifers may improve
   biological and economic efficiency of beef production . the all heifer , no
   cow ( ahnc ) beef production system involves insemination of nulliparous
   heifers with female sex_selected semen ( fss ) to produce primarily female
   calves that are early weaned at 3 mo of age . dams are finished on a high
   concentrate diet and harvested before 30 mo of age . the objectives of this
   research were to : 1 ) build a dynamic model of an ahnc beef production
   system to quantify system biological and economic efficiency . 2 ) compare
   effects of utilizing fss vs . conventional semen on biological and economic
   efficiency . 3 ) evaluate what_if scenarios to determine the effects on
   biological and economic efficiency of changing variables +/_5 % , 10 % , 15
   % , and 20 % from initial observed values . and 4 ) evaluate the effects on
   biological and economic efficiency of changing variables +/_10 % from
   initial observed values . a model was built over a 21_yr horizon using
   stella architect . biological parameter values in the model were based on
   the 6 yr of data collected from the management of an ahnc demonstration herd
   . in the model animal , total digestible nutrients ( tdn ) intake , hot
   carcass weight ( hcw ) , and age at harvest were randomized . feed , animal
   , and carcass prices included in the model were based on 10 yr of historical
   you . s . price data . key response variables were biological and economic
   efficiency ( mean +/_sd ) . biological efficiency was defined as the ratio
   of output ( kilograms of hcw produced ) to input ( lifetime kilograms of
   feed tdn consumed ) , and economic efficiency was measured using a
   benefit_cost ratio ( bcr ) and unit variable cost ( uvc ) . over 40
   simulation runs , the predicted mean biological efficiency was 0.0714
   +/_0.0008. economic efficiency was 0.95 +/_0.02 and us $ 445.41 +/_0.06 for
   bcr and uvc , respectively . biological and economic efficiency was improved
   in the conventional semen scenario . biological efficiency was 0.0738
   +/_0.0008 , and bcr and uvc were 0.99 +/_0.04 and us $ 407.24 +/_0.006 ,
   respectively . under this parameterization and market conditions , the ahnc
   beef production system failed to achieve profitability under any scenario
   that was evaluated . however , this review did not account for the potential
   increased genetic benefit from a decreased generation interval and the
   reduction in feed energy in comparison to a conventional cow / calf system .
DE beef production system; biological efficiency; economic efficiency; single-
   calf heifer system; system dynamics
ID simulation; environment; strategies; validation

---

UT 59
AR Rodrigues GO, 2021, INT J INNOV SUSTAIN DEV, V15, P305
TI System dynamics to assess the financial impact through the use of recycled
   kitchen oil in solid waste collection vehicles
AU Rodrigues GO; Simonetto ED; Arenhardt DL
TC 0
SO INT J INNOV SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2021
AB this paper aims to understand , develop and execute computational models to
   analyze the cost benefit of the use of different percentages of biodiesel in
   urban solid waste collection and to verify the biodiesel production
   viability by organizations . for the models ' development , the system
   dynamics method was used . mathematically , system dynamics model is a
   system of linear equations . through vensim software , it was possible to
   develop , document , simulate , and analyze the models , noting the
   financial impact caused by waste collection in seven municipalities in
   southern brazil . for the modeling , nine scenarios were developed and
   divided into 3 groups : simulation with different percentages of biodiesel ,
   simulation using biobot 20 processor , and simulation through a plant
   construction by the company . as a result , it was found that , in the long
   term , the best scenario for the company analyzed is the use of biobot 20
   processor with 15 % biodiesel percentage , followed by the construction of
   its own plant , also using 15 % biodiesel . results were satisfactory and
   met the designers ' expectations .
DE biodiesel; complex systems; computational modeling; sustainability; systems
   dynamics; vensim
ID cooking oil; biodiesel production; management; region

---

UT 60
AR Sjaifuddin S, 2020, IND ENG MANAG SYST, V19, P211, DOI
   10.7232/iems.2020.19.1.211
TI Environmental Management of Industrial Estate Based on Eco-Industrial Parks:
   A System Dynamics Modeling
AU Sjaifuddin S
TC 6
SO IND ENG MANAG SYST
PY 2020
AB this research aims to develop a dynamic model of environmental management of
   modern cikande industrial estate indonesia based on eco_industrial parks .
   the model is designed using a system dynamics approach with powersim studio
   7 express software . it is simulated using 3 scenarios : 1 ) business as
   usual , which is oriented toward economic growth only . 2 ) conservationism
   , which is just oriented to environmental protection . and 3 ) new urbanism
   , which is oriented to the integration of economic growth and environmental
   protection . the use of system dynamics in modeling eco_industrial parks is
   useful for elaborating future development opportunities . a dynamic model
   built based on predetermined scenarios can be used as an alternative in
   decision making for managers and government . the results show that new
   urbanism is the best scenario for this environmental management . when it is
   compared to other scenarios , new urbanism has a significant impact on
   controlling the growth of industrial structures , restraining the decrease
   of land available for industries , managing the growth of raw input ,
   decreasing waste quantity , bridling the need for water , escalating
   employment , and increasing contribution to regional income .
DE environmental-management; eco-industrial parks; system dynamics approach
ID solid-waste management; circular economy; sustainable development; network
   analysis; symbiosis; china; energy; efficiency; growth; impact

---

UT 61
AR Kasperska E, 2013, J ENTREP MANAG INNOV, V9, P29, DOI 10.7341/2013922
TI Sensitivity Analysis and Optimization for Selected Supply Chain Management
   Issues in the Company - Using System Dynamics and Vensim
AU Kasperska E; Mateja-Losa E; Marjasz R
TC 3
SO J ENTREP MANAG INNOV
PY 2013
AB the aim of our paper is to present the new results of research work on
   optimization and simulation for some logistic problems in the company . the
   system dynamics ( sd ) method and the vensim simulation language are applied
   in order to solve specific managerial problems described by forrester in the
   model of supply chain . the historical model of customer_producer_employment
   system by forrester ( forrester , 1961 ) has not been examined with the
   sensitivity analysis , from the ' ' automatic ' ' testing perspective .
   optimization experiments have not been conducted , either . it is surprising
   , since the model is old and widely known . the opportunities offered by the
   vensim language allow us to perform such analysis . the visualization called
   ' ' confidence bounds ' ' is used , to show the behavior of chosen variables
   over a period of time . the monte_carlo method is applied for sampling a set
   of numbers from within bounded domains ( distribution for each searching
   parameters is specified ) . the authors of this paper conducted numerous
   experiments in this scope . this paper presents their results and offers
   some conclusions formulated at the end .
DE system dynamics; sensitivity analysis; optimization; vensim

---

UT 62
AR Daneshgar S, 2022, J ENERGY STORAGE, V46, DOI 10.1016/j.est.2021.103919
TI Investigating the hydropower plants production and profitability using
   system dynamics approach
AU Daneshgar S; Zahedi R
TC 30
SO J ENERGY STORAGE
PY 2022
AB world ' s electricity industry is looking for ways to improve production ,
   distribution , and electricity transmission in recent years . to achieve
   comprehensive economic and social development , it is necessary to move
   toward sustainable energies . among the types of renewable energy ,
   hydropower has received more attention due to its ability to convert
   directly into electricity , its possibility of storage and its endlessness .
   despite uncertainties in market prices , the amount of water entering dams ,
   the behavior of actors , access to information , and thus increasing risk ,
   planning , and decision_making for hydropower producers to make maximum
   profit in the electricity market has become more complex . in this situation
   , adopting a correct decision_making method for the optimal operation of
   power plants is always one of the main concerns . in this research , a
   dynamic production profitability model has been developed to model the
   operation of a hydro reservoir system and the producer profitability process
   , which has been investigated using stella software in an object_oriented
   simulation environment with a system dynamics approach . the required
   information has been used as a monthly time series in 2010_2020 , and
   forecasts have been made for 24 months . this study was conducted to study
   the profitability of hydropower plants using the information of karun 1 dam
   in the catchment area of karun river . in this study , the uncertainty of
   water inlet flow status and electricity price for this producer has been
   predicted by the g ' omes model and entered into the model . water release
   methods and acceptable costs are considered separate scenarios . the results
   showed that the scenario of discharging 15 % of the dam has the most profit
   with 3047 $ /mw for 24th month .
DE profitability model; hydropower plants; monte carlo methods; production
   model
ID simulation; management

---

UT 63
AR Bafti AA, 2026, RESULTS ENG, V29, DOI 10.1016/j.rineng.2026.108996
TI Demand-side transformation in renewable energy integration: coordinated
   scenario planning using system dynamics
AU Bafti AA; Rezaei M; Teymouri A; Sahebi H; Ghasemi P
TC 2
SO RESULTS ENG
PY 2026
AB effective energy analysis requires examining current and projected
   consumption of both conventional and renewable sources . scenario planning (
   sp ) also plays a key role in anticipating how energy sources may evolve .
   however , system dynamics models lack a structured method for embedding key
   drivers into scenario design , while sp alone can not represent the complex
   feedbacks needed for accurate forecasting . to address these limitations ,
   this study proposes a coordinated scenario planning with system dynamics
   modeling ( csp_sdm ) approach , using an enhanced system dynamics model in
   vensim to capture interactions among demographic trends , economic
   indicators , production patterns , and energy variables . it deploys a
   scenario design strategy to capture the influence and interdependence among
   key variables via mactor software , and k_means clustering to identify those
   most critical to scenario outcomes . clustering of key drivers and
   prediction power are rigorously validated , demonstrating well_defined
   groupings and notable predictive accuracy . scenario wizard is employed to
   develop consistent exploratory scenarios , each offering distinct
   perspectives beyond the baseline scenario , which is grounded in historical
   data trends ( 1993_2022 ) . the model integrates demand_side , government ,
   and private sector dynamics . the baseline projects only 11.08 twh of growth
   , locked in by low electricity prices , high energy intensity , and limited
   grid modernization . in contrast , the adapting to constraints scenario
   achieves 28.5 twh , demonstrating the gains from incremental change . the
   balancing act scenario , more than doubles this output to 57.4 twh by
   prioritizing efficiency alongside investment . however , the most
   transformative outcome is delivered by the harmony of acceleration scenario
   , which unlocks 100.4 twh of renewable demand .
DE renewable power demand; vensim; system dynamics modeling; scenario planning;
   mactor; k-means; scenario wizard
ID power-generation; consumption; technologies; investment; management;
   algorithm; barriers; policies; sector

---

UT 64
AR Mula J, 2013, INT J PROD RES, V51, P4087, DOI 10.1080/00207543.2013.774487
TI A system dynamics model for the supply chain procurement transport problem:
   comparing spreadsheets, fuzzy programming and simulation approaches
AU Mula J; Campuzano-Bolarin F; Díaz-Madroñero M; Carpio KM
TC 29
SO INT J PROD RES
PY 2013
AB this article proposes a simulation approach based on system dynamics for
   operational procurement and transport planning in a two_level ,
   multi_product and multi_period supply chain . this work uses the vensim ( (
   r ) ) simulation tool to highlight the potential of system dynamics for
   supply chain simulation . a real continuous simulation application is
   presented in an automobile supply chain . the effectiveness of the proposed
   model is validated through the comparison of the results provided by
   spreadsheet_based simulation , fuzzy multi_objective programming and system
   dynamics_based simulation models . the fundamental point of this paper is
   that the simulation model is the most effective approach in quantifying the
   trade_off between number of truck shipments and average inventory level . in
   this case , the number of truck shipments is to be minimized , resulting in
   a higher inventory level . if the average inventory level were minimized ,
   then there would be more truck shipments . here , it is shown the benefit of
   this type of simulation model in reducing inventory by about 10 % .
DE simulation; system dynamics; supply chain dynamics; procurement; transport;
   operations planning
ID agent-based simulation; framework; products; support; design

---

UT 65
AR Wingo P, 2017, ENV MODEL SOFTW, V94, P48, DOI 10.1016/j.envsoft.2017.03.012
TI Modular and spatially explicit: A novel approach to system dynamics
AU Wingo P; Brookes A; Bolte J
TC 5
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2017
AB the open modeling environment ( ome ) is an open_source system dynamics ( sd
   ) simulation engine which has been created as a joint project between oregon
   state university and the us environmental protection agency . it is designed
   around a modular implementation , and provides a standardized interface for
   interacting with spatially explicit data while still supporting the standard
   sd model components . ome can be run as a standalone simulation or as a
   plugin to a larger simulation framework , and is capable of importing models
   from several sd model formats , including simile model files , vensim model
   files , and the xmile interchange format . while it has been released , ome
   is still under development , and a number of potential future improvements
   are discussed . to help illustrate the utility of ome , an example model
   design process is provided as an appendix . ( c ) 2017 elsevier ltd . all
   rights reserved .
DE system dynamics; spatially-explicit; simulation engine; open-source; simile;
   vensim; xmile

---

UT 66
AR Momodu AS, 2021, SCI PROG, V104, DOI 10.1177/00368504211042479
TI System dynamics kinetic model for predicting biogas production in anaerobic
   condition: Preliminary assessment
AU Momodu AS; Adepoju TD
TC 14
SO SCI PROG
PY 2021
AB introduction : this preliminary assessment of a grey_box model , was
   predicated on system dynamics principles and developed using vensim ( r )
   dss software . the purpose is to predict biogas production under anaerobic
   conditions for energy utilization at the design stage . objective : to
   describe the process of a developed system dynamics model to predict biogas
   production under anaerobic conditions . methods : this method involves
   two_stage kinetics of the biogas production process in anaerobic conditions
   using the first_order and gompertz functions . the model is depicted in two
   parts : causal loop diagram and stock_flow diagram . the causal loop diagram
   describes the anaerobic digestion process a substrate undergoes for the
   production of biogas , while stock_flow diagram depicts basic building
   blocks of the dynamic behavior of an anaerobic digestion process . primary
   data is from a laboratory_scale experiment of biogas production using
   vegetal wastes , while the secondary one is from the literature on studies
   using similar substrates . results : primary and secondary data are used to
   validate and stimulate the developed model . the kinetic model shows the
   substrate being reduced exponentially with increasing time . consumption of
   substrate and production of methane and carbon dioxide follows exponential
   growth and decay pattern , with carbon dioxide production starting early
   compared to methane , and was produced at a rate faster due to the strong
   and resilient characteristics of fermentative microorganisms . discussion :
   comparing data from empirical and model simulation shows some close
   relationship , though not too perfectly . both results reflect signs of
   inhibitions occurring within the substrates in the digester under anaerobic
   conditions explaining the low methane yield or instability .
DE kinetics; biogas; system dynamics; growth function; waste management
ID municipal solid-waste; chicken manure; co-digestion; ammonia inhibition;
   methane production; maize silage; hydrolysis; growth; fermentation;
   conversion

---

UT 67
AR Jin HZ, 2023, SIMUL-TRANS SOC MODEL SIMUL INT, V99, P885, DOI
   10.1177/00375497231168631
TI Effects of workload on medication administration errors in nursing: an
   analysis based on system dynamics modeling
AU Jin HZ; Xiao ZB; Yao JH; Gong ZB; Wang HY/1; Zhao YN
TC 1
SO SIMUL-TRANS SOC MODEL SIMUL INT
PY 2023
AB medication administration errors account for a relatively high proportion of
   medical errors , with more than 50 % occurring at the nursing administration
   stage . nursing is characterized by a large amount of work , rigid working
   hours , high information cognitive intensity , and frequent information
   updates . the high workload of nurses is a significant because of medication
   administration errors . in this study , a literature analysis was used to
   determine the elements of the system dynamics model , and the causal loop
   diagram was used to draw the relationship framework among the elements .
   vensim personal learning edition and interview surveys were then used for
   model validation and simulation . first , 302 case analyzes of medication
   administration errors collected from the three metropolitan area hospitals
   were used to construct the causal loop diagram , the stock and flow map of
   the medication administration error system , and the dynamics model . second
   , the model was tested from theoretical and historical data simulation
   perspectives . finally , the system dynamics model proposed in this study
   was used to simulate a medical institution from overtime and policy
   perspectives . through system dynamics modeling , the inducing mechanism of
   workload on medication administration errors in nursing operations was
   elucidated , and corresponding suggestions for prevention were provided . in
   addition , ideas and basis for optimizing the medication administration
   process , improving workload , and preventing medication administration
   errors considering workload were provided .
DE medication administration error; nursing; causal loop diagram; system
   dynamics modeling
ID health-care; ergonomics; hospitals; improvement; management; incident;
   fatigue; working

---

UT 68
AR Wu RJ, 2009, AGROFOR SYST, V77, P123, DOI 10.1007/s10457-009-9231-0
TI A dynamic simulation study of the impacts of enhanced UV-B radiation on
   winter wheat photosynthetic production and dry matter accumulation
AU Wu RJ; Zheng YF; Liu JJ
TC 2
SO AGROFOR SYST
PY 2009
AB by using the system_dynamic software package stella , a simulative study was
   conducted on the photosynthetic productivity and change of the accumulated
   dry matter of wheat population , related to enhanced uv_b radiation that
   influences photosynthesis . the effects of daily temperature and crop
   physiological age on the photosynthesis rate were considered comprehensively
   . statistical analysis was undertaken to assess the fitness between
   simulations and observations of accumulated dry matter by means of
   root_mean_square error and relative error . results show that there is no
   significant difference between simulations and observations , indicating
   that the stella software is effective in imitating the growth . this
   software provides a new approach in establishing a simulative model for crop
   growth under the conditions of various climate and environment .
DE ultraviolet-radiation; photosynthesis; respiration; matter accumulation;
   system dynamics
ID ultraviolet-radiation; growth; model; crop; sensitivity; canopy; water; soil

---

UT 69
AR Mortazavi S, 2020, PR PERIOD STRUCT DES CONSTR, V25, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)SC.1943-5576.0000493
TI Risk Evaluation and Prioritization in Bridge Construction Projects Using
   System Dynamics Approach
AU Mortazavi S; Kheyroddin A; Naderpour H
TC 18
SO PR PERIOD STRUCT DES CONSTR
PY 2020
AB bridges are the indispensable arterial transport of a country . iran , as a
   vast country , needs to develop a variety of road transportation inside and
   outside cities . accelerating construction procedures and controlling costs
   are project management requirements . risks , in many cases , disrupt the
   progress of the projects and impose costs on the project . the present
   article began with field studies , distribution of questionnaires , and the
   use of spss17 software to detect and prioritize the risk of bridge
   construction projects . then , dynamic hypotheses were issued for
   prioritized risks , and causal loops were drawn . subsequently , another
   questionnaire was designed to explore the relationship between risks and
   analyze risk behavior . after obtaining results from field research , the
   system dynamics and vensim7 software were used to model and investigate the
   behavior and interaction of risks . finally , ten diagrams showing the
   effect of risks on each other were exemplified to examine and analyze the
   designed model .
DE risk; risk assessment; dynamic hypothesis; system dynamics
ID management

---

UT 70
AR Tian YT, 2020, SUSTAIN, V12, DOI 10.3390/su12104254
TI Dynamic Model of a Sustainable Water Resources Utilization System with
   Coupled Water Quality and Quantity in Tianjin City
AU Tian YT; Li CH; Yi YJ; Wang X; Shu AP
TC 16
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2020
AB with the development of industrial and agricultural production and the
   social economy , the demand for water resources has gradually increased . in
   this paper , based on the principles of system dynamics , a sustainable
   water resources utilization model with coupled water quality and quantity is
   established using stella software to assess the sustainable use of water
   resources . the model includes two modules : a water supply module and a
   water quality module . the water supply module includes four sub_systems :
   economy , population , water supply , and water demand . the water quality
   module consists of an environmental sub_system . the model is suitable for
   tianjin , where water resources are scarce . calibration is performed using
   data from 2013_2016 , and verification is performed using data from 2017 .
   the simulation results are good . in order to compare the sustainable use of
   water resources in different development scenarios in tianjin for 2025 , a
   sensitivity analysis is performed for each variable , and four decision
   variables are selected to establish four water resources use scenarios (
   scenarios 1_4 ) . the results show that , compared with scenario 1 , water
   shortages in scenarios 2 and 3 are delayed . scenario 4 , with stable
   economic growth and environmental consideration , can effectively resolve
   the contradiction between water supply and demand in the future , and is
   more conducive to the improvement of water quality . finally , based on the
   above research , measures to solve water resources problems are proposed ,
   in order to provide a reference for the sustainable use of water resources
   and optimization of water resources allocation in tianjin .
DE system dynamics; water resources; sustainable use; tianjin; water quantity
   and quality
ID management; optimization; simulation

---

UT 71
AR Li CG, 2021, WIREL NETW, V27, P4353, DOI 10.1007/s11276-021-02647-6
TI The influence of external factors on the development of China's banking
   industry: a system dynamics modelling approach
AU Li CG; Zuo XT; Huang L
TC 2
SO WIREL NETW
PY 2021
AB there are many external factors influencing the development of the banking
   industry , but few literatures discuss the effects of multiple factors on
   the banking industry . in order to better promote the healthy and stable
   development of china ' s banking industry , this paper builds a simulation
   model based on system dynamics and uses vensim ple to systematically discuss
   the impact of money supply , supervision level , financial innovation , and
   gdp on bank profits . the simulation results find that money supply ,
   financial innovation , and regulatory levels have a negative effect on
   profits , but gdp can promote profits .
DE bank industry; system dynamics; simulation analysis

---

UT 72
AR Emami M, 2025, HEAL SCOPE, V14, DOI 10.5812/healthscope-161473
TI Developing Scenarios for the Iranian Health System Using System Dynamics
   Methodology
AU Emami M; Haghdoost AA; Yazdi-Feyzabadi V; Ahmadi-Gohari M; Mehrolhassani MH
TC 1
SO HEAL SCOPE
PY 2025
AB background : health systems ( hss ) are complex adaptive entities , marked
   by dynamic interactions among their components . understanding and
   predicting their behavior requires a systemic perspective and a
   comprehensive analysis of their interrelated dimensions . this study
   employed system dynamics modeling to examine key trends within iran ' s hs .
   methods : a systems thinking approach was adopted , utilizing system
   dynamics methodology . the model was structured based on the balanced
   scorecard ( bsc ) framework , encompassing four dimensions : population
   health , service delivery , financing , and development . parameters
   affecting cost reduction were modified to assess policy implications across
   three scenarios from 2021 to 2031 . data were sourced from official iranian
   statistics and relevant academic studies . simulations were conducted using
   vensim dss 6.4e software . results : by 2031 , iran ' s population is
   projected to reach 90 million , with 35 % exposed to risk factors , placing
   approximately 32 million individuals at risk . as a result , an estimated 9
   million people will require inpatient services , 43 million will need
   outpatient care , and 52 million will require diagnostic and pharmaceutical
   services . physician demand is projected to reach 135,500 by 2031 ,
   resulting in a shortage of 20,850 physicians . financial projections
   estimate current healthcare costs at 17,000 trillion rials , while available
   resources will amount to only 7,807 trillion rials , indicating a
   substantial budget deficit . conclusions : the demand for healthcare
   services will significantly increase in the coming decade . to meet this
   demand , two strategic actions are critical : ( 1 ) strengthening preventive
   interventions to reduce population exposure to risk factors . and ( 2 )
   expanding infrastructural resources , including human capital , hospital
   beds , and medical equipment . the developed model supports scenario
   analysis by enabling policymakers to assess the impact of changes in key
   parameters and plan effective responses .
DE systems analyzes; systems thinking; systems dynamics; complexity analysis;
   health system modeling

---

UT 73
AR Malisa R, 2020, IEEE SYST J, V14, P1523, DOI 10.1109/JSYST.2019.2921246
TI Augmenting Water Supplies Through Urban Wastewater Recycling (March 2019)
AU Malisa R; Schwella E; Batinge B
TC 3
SO IEEE SYST J
PY 2020
AB projections indicate a high_risk water stress level ( +80 % ) in the western
   cape province of south africa by 2040 . the reassessment of water management
   is paramount in ensuring water security for the generations to come . water
   management approach , which recognizes the value of alternative water
   sources such as urban wastewater recycling ( uwwr ) amid shrinking surface
   water supplies is of critical importance . this management process mimics
   natural systems , placing the focus on stakeholder engagement and meaningful
   public participation . the objective is to ensure a vibrant economy , social
   equity , and protection of water resources for current and future
   generations . this paper ' s main goal is the assessment of the impact of
   uwwr on water availability in the stellenbosch urban water system . vensim
   ple7.2 systems dynamic modeling tools constructed the qualitative and
   quantitative systems dynamics models . the results from the simulation
   indicated that uwwr in stellenbosch has a significant potential of
   augmenting water supplies over a period of ten years . of the three
   scenarios investigated , the 50 % reuse scenario projected the best option
   for augmenting water supplies . in addition , results extrapolated from
   availability index graphs , depicted a water availability index , which is
   greater than 1 for every uwwr scenario investigated , i . e . , 10 % , 30 %
   , and 50 % , a positive result which supports the decision for uwwr in
   stellenbosch as a water augmentation option .
DE integrated urban water management; stellenbosch systems dynamics; urban
   wastewater recycling
ID system dynamics; management; models

---

UT 74
AR Tong DY, 2025, HERNIA, V29, DOI 10.1007/s10029-025-03348-1
TI System dynamics modeling to predict hospitalization costs in adults with
   inguinal hernia: a single-centre study
AU Tong DY; Liu XL/1; Shen YM
TC 0
SO HERNIA
PY 2025
AB backgroundthis research aims to develop a novel methodology and provide
   innovative insights for accurately forecasting hospitalization expenses by
   developing an appropriate system dynamics model to predict hospital costs
   and simulate future trends . the findings are meant to serve as a guide for
   creating effective policies and measures to curb the growth in
   hospitalization costs . methodswe selected adults who had inguinal hernia
   surgery at beijing chaoyang hospital from january 2015 to december 2023
   according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria . we identified the
   primary factors that influence hospitalization costs and conceptualized them
   as interconnected subsystems within the broader hospitalization cost system
   . we develop a system dynamics model of hospitalization costs using the
   stock_flow tree modeling framework based on flow_rate variables .
   resultsthis study included a total of 23,696 adult patients who had inguinal
   hernia surgery . the simulation results for the period 2016 to 2033 were
   generated by running the model in vensim simulation software . the forecast
   for 2033 predicts that hospitalization costs for adult inguinal hernia
   patients at beijing chaoyang hospital will reach 81.28 million rmb . the
   number of surgeries will rise to 7,913 , with 65 % ( 5,104 surgeries ) being
   outpatient procedures . the average cost per hospitalization will be
   10,271.35 rmb . the elderly population among surgical patients is expected
   to increase to 5,323. for every 1,000 laparoscopic surgeries , 454 will be
   performed . for every 1,000 surgeries , 437 will involve the use of
   degradable mesh implants . the number of patients with severe comorbidities
   is expected to reach 6,403 , and medication costs are forecasted to be 1.44
   million rmb . conclusionsthe system dynamics model for hospitalization costs
   effectively captures the relationships between multiple influencing factors
   and hospital expenses . the model ' s reliability and predictive results '
   credibility are indicated by the high alignment between simulated historical
   data and actual historical values . hospitalization costs are projected to
   increase annually , while per capita hospitalization costs are expected to
   decrease . factors such as an aging population , improved cost control
   policies , and the promotion of outpatient surgeries exert significant
   influence in this trend .
DE inguinal hernia; hospitalization costs; system dynamics; prediction;
   simulation
ID day surgery

---

UT 75
AR Azhari F, 2014, INT J SYST DYN APPL, V3, P65, DOI 10.4018/ijsda.2014100104
TI Using System Dynamics Method to Manage Construction and Demolition Waste
AU Azhari F; Abdi F; Shojaie AA
TC 5
SO INT J SYST DYN APPL
PY 2014
AB during last few decades , construction and demolition waste has attracted
   great attention from practitioners and researchers , as well as governments
   in all over the world . it is obvious that construction and demolition waste
   and its control is very important in many aspects . in other hand , system
   dynamics is an empirical tool and waste management system is a dynamic
   system that needs to be studied and analyzed dynamically so that many
   misconceptions and problems in this area to be avoided . the main question
   is how we can manage and control waste management system to have a less
   amount of negative impacts on the environment and society . in order to
   answer this main question , this paper tries to represent a conceptual model
   called ' ' because and effect diagram ' ' to have a general and typical
   understanding of waste management system especially in ardabil city . next ,
   it represents stock_flow diagram that has capability of running in computer
   for further analyzing . then , it simulates the model by powersim software
   to analyze and optimize the dynamic model . the study indicated that
   increasing values of the variables including fines for illegal dumping ,
   unit cost of landfilling , unit cost of collecting , unit cost of
   transportation and also developing waste management sites has implications
   of a low illegal waste dumping and a high amount of waste recycling and
   reuse .
DE environment; recycling; reusing; system dynamics; waste management

---

UT 76
AR Wang Z, 2018, SIMUL-TRANS SOC MODEL SIMUL INT, V94, P943, DOI
   10.1177/0037549717746750
TI Evaluating transportation infrastructure investment on a regional level: a
   system dynamics simulation
AU Wang Z; Zhang YY/1; Lian L; Chu CL
TC 8
SO SIMUL-TRANS SOC MODEL SIMUL INT
PY 2018
AB transportation infrastructure investment ( tii ) has significant influence
   on regional economic development . this paper aims to measure the potential
   economic impact of tii and to help policymakers to evaluate different
   alternatives and strategies at the regional level through a system dynamics
   ( sd ) approach . first , an sd model is established to simulate the impact
   of tii on the economy and employment . the relationship between
   transportation investments and economic development is examined and the
   relevant employment and economic indicators are identified . second , the
   variables , flow diagrams , and structural equations of the sd model are
   defined . third , the program vensim is employed to establish the sd model
   with economy , transportation , and employment subsystems . it is then
   calibrated based on the historical statistics data in liaoning province ,
   china . finally , scenario analysis of different transportation investment
   plans is presented . the results will help investors , policymakers , and
   government agencies to estimate the potential outcomes of proposed
   transportation investment plans and to further develop optimal policies for
   transportation investment .
DE economics; employment; impact evaluation; system dynamics; transportation
   infrastructure investment; vensim
ID performance; growth

---

UT 77
AR Shahsavani E, 2019, AMB EXPRESS, V9, DOI 10.1186/s13568-019-0882-6
TI Developing a system dynamics model for prediction of phosphorus in
   facultative stabilization ponds
AU Shahsavani E; Ebrahimi AA; Ehrampoush MH; Maleknia H; Eslami H; Samaei MR
TC 1
SO AMB EXPRESS
PY 2019
AB system dynamics is considered as a computer_aided approach to policy
   analysis and design . it includes the response and reaction of a system to
   external shocks . in the present research , following the sampling and
   testing phases , a system dynamics model was developed for modeling of
   phosphorus in facultative stabilization ponds . first , the scheme of
   soluble reactive phosphorous stock , its specifications and parameters were
   determined and created in the vensim ple 7.1 software . then , mathematical
   relations were determined for each process . finally , the model was
   calibrated and verified based on the data from the yazd facultative ponds ,
   iran . sensitivity analysis showed that the most important factors affecting
   phosphorus concentration in the ponds are the phosphorus settling rate ,
   losses caused by algal respiration and excretion , while the losses caused
   by herbivorous zooplanktons , hydrolysis rate of inorganic carbon , and
   ratio of phosphorus to chlorophyll_a had the least importance . results
   showed that , algal growth rate and phosphorus settling rate were important
   factors in phosphorus removal . hence , with appropriate retention time in
   the pond , it can be managed more properly . the ratio of phosphorus to
   algae had less importance in the model . the ratio of carbon to phosphorus
   and rate of respiration of carnivorous zooplanktons did not affect the
   phosphorus concentration . it is recommended that this model can be used for
   pond management and overall assessment of facultative ponds .
DE phosphorus modeling; system dynamics modeling; wastewater stabilization
   ponds; facultative ponds
ID wastewater treatment; optimization; disinfection; microalgae; design

---

UT 78
AR Mofarrahi M, 2023, EUR J INT MANAG, V20, P167, DOI 10.1504/EJIM.2023.131364
TI System dynamics simulation model for inventory optimisation of
   manufacturers: a case study in electrical industry
AU Mofarrahi M; Galankashi MR; Helmi SA; Rafiei FM
TC 0
SO EUR J INT MANAG
PY 2023
AB system dynamics ( sd ) is an approach to understand the behavior of complex
   systems over the time . although sd has been applied in different areas ,
   its integration with fuzzy inventory optimization is less investigated . in
   addition , customers ' demand fluctuation is a significant factor in
   inventory optimization which is not studied in previous literature .
   therefore , this study applies sd to consider customers ' demand fluctuation
   and improve the inventory level of companies . particularly , a sd model is
   constructed in ithink software to represent the inventory level of the
   companies . following , the stock and flow diagrams ( sfds ) are applied to
   represent the structure of the system . next , three variables of demand
   variation , demand average and the highest demand are modeled in matlab
   simulink fuzzy controller to optimize the inventory . according to the
   obtained results , the inventory level of the considered case study is
   optimized by applying the developed model . finally , obtained results are
   compared with the current inventory level of the company and some managerial
   implications are suggested .
DE inventory optimization; system dynamics; ithink software; matlab simulink
ID vendor managed inventory; supply chain management; hybrid simulation; food;
   retailer; demand; design; cycle; price

---

UT 79
AR Akopov AS, 2012, INT J COMPUT APPL T, V45, P220, DOI
   10.1504/IJCAT.2012.051122
TI Designing of integrated system-dynamics models for an oil company
AU Akopov AS
TC 20
SO INT J COMPUT APPL TECHNOL
PY 2012
AB this paper presents a new approach to designing integrated simulation models
   for large corporations . this approach is based on the use of
   system_dynamics methods for implementing models of segments of the
   vertically integrated company taking into account the available direct and
   feedback links . all models have been designed with the help of power
   simulation tool _powersim studio . in addition , the designed simulation
   system has been integrated with created genetic algorithm and the corporate
   data warehouse .
DE computer modeling and simulation; vioc; vertically integrated oil company;
   investment activity; powersim studio; genetic optimization algorithm; system
   dynamics
ID genetic algorithm

---

UT 80
AR Zhuang X, 2020, J INTELL FUZZY SYST, V38, P6883, DOI 10.3233/JIFS-179766
TI Intelligent simulation of enterprise re-innovation support system based on
   system dynamics
AU Zhuang X
TC 3
SO J INTELL FUZZY SYST
PY 2020
AB technology innovation failure exists objectively . how to provide support
   for failed enterprises and improve their willingness to re_innovate has
   become a hot issue in the field of innovation management . to build a
   re_innovation support system for enterprises with failed innovation from the
   perspective of institutional environment , the system model of the
   re_innovation support system of the enterprises with failed innovation was
   established through the system dynamics method , the system boundary was
   defined , the causal relationship and the system flow graph of the model
   were analyzed , and the operation effect of the support system model was
   intelligent simulated by using vensim software . the results show that
   institutional support can effectively reduce the number of enterprises with
   failed innovation , increase the number of re_innovation enterprises , and
   further improve the enterprise income and government revenue , thus
   verifying the effectiveness of the re_innovation support system of
   enterprises with failed innovation .
DE re-innovation; support system; system dynamics; intelligent simulation
ID failure; entrepreneurs

---

UT 81
AR Zarghami M, 2016, ARAB J GEOSCI, V9, DOI 10.1007/s12517-016-2676-3
TI Reservoir operation using system dynamics under climate change impacts: a
   case study of Yamchi reservoir, Iran
AU Zarghami M; Fotookian MR; Safari N; Aslanzadeh A
TC 12
SO ARAB J GEOSCI
PY 2016
AB this paper proposes a decision support system for yamchi reservoir operation
   in semi_arid region of iran . the paper consists of the following steps :
   firstly , the potential impacts of climate change on the streamflow are
   predicted . the study then presents the projections of future changes in
   temperature and precipitation under a2 scenario using the lars_wg
   downscaling model and under rcp2.6 , rcp4.5 , and rcp8.5 using the
   statistical downscaling model ( sdsm ) in the northwestern of iran . to do
   so , a general circulation model of hadcm3 is downscaled by using the
   lars_wg model . as a result , the average temperature , for the horizon 2030
   ( 2011_2030 ) , will increase by 0.77 degrees c and precipitation will
   decrease by 11 mm . secondly , the downscaled variables are used as input to
   the artificial neural network to investigate the possible impact of climate
   change on the runoffs . thirdly , the system dynamics model is employed to
   model different scenarios for reservoir operation using the vensim software
   . system dynamics is an effective approach for understanding the behavior of
   complex systems . simulation results demonstrate that the water shortage in
   different sectors ( including agriculture , domestic , industry , and
   environmental users ) will be enormously increased in the case of
   business_as_usual strategy . in this research , by providing innovative
   management strategies , including deficit irrigation , the vulnerability of
   reservoir operation is reduced . the methodology is evaluated by using
   different modeling tests which then motivates using the methodology for
   other arid / semi_arid regions .
DE watershed management; system dynamics; climate-change; yamchi reservoir
ID water resources management; decision support tool; model

---

UT 82
AR Tan BS, 2015, J ENG SCI TECHNOL, V10, P1150
TI SUSTAINABLE GROWTH OF THE COMMERCIAL AVIATION INDUSTRY IN MALAYSIA USING A
   SYSTEM DYNAMICS APPROACH
AU Tan BS; Yap EH
TC 5
SO J ENG SCI TECHNOL
PY 2015
AB the environmental impact of the commercial aviation industry for an emerging
   economy like malaysia is under_studied . the focus on the subject has thus
   far concentrated either on non_geographical performance of the aviation
   industry or technical performance of aircrafts and that leaves the
   sustainability of the commercial aviation industry for an economy , or more
   specifically , an emerging economy least understood . hence , this paper
   aims to investigate the sustainability of the growth of the commercial
   aviation industry in malaysia and its impact upon the environment using a
   system dynamics approach . vensim is employed to model the commercial
   aviation industry in malaysia as a dynamic system to evaluate the co2
   emitted from each component within the industry in order to forecast its
   overall co2 emission . results from the analysis show that sustainable
   growth can be affected by adopting short and long term strategies identified
   in this study .
DE system dynamics; commercial aviation; malaysia; aircraft design

---

UT 83
AR Wang XF/1, 2023, J SYST ENG ELECTRON, V34, P1225, DOI
   10.23919/JSEE.2023.000124
TI Research on strategic risk identification method of equipment system
   development based on system dynamics
AU Wang XF/1; Wang T; Zhou X; Wang YF
TC 3
SO J SYST ENG ELECTRON
PY 2023
AB strategic management of equipment system development must attach importance
   to effective strategic risk management . aiming at the identification of
   strategic risk of equipment system development , firstly , the source of
   strategic risk of equipment system development is analyzed and classified .
   based on this , a causal loop diagram of strategic risk of equipment system
   development based on system dynamics is established . the system dynamics
   analysis software vensim ple is used to carry out the risk influencing
   factors analysis , risk consequences analysis , risk feedback loop
   identification and corresponding pre_control measures , and achieves a good
   risk identification effect .
DE equipment system development strategy management; strategic risk management;
   risk identification; system dynamics; loop diagram of causality
ID project-management; construction; impacts; model

---

UT 84
AR Galarneau KD, 2020, POULT SCI, V99, P5547, DOI 10.1016/j.psj.2020.08.011
TI A system dynamics model for disease management in poultry production
AU Galarneau KD; Singer RS; Wills RW
TC 9
SO POULT SCI
PY 2020
AB the objective of this article was to provide the nonmodeler reader of
   poultry science , an overview of the system dynamics modeling method ( sdm )
   through development of a broiler house disease management simulator ( bhdms
   ) . system dynamics modeling uses feedback theory and computer_aided
   simulation to help elucidate relationships between factors in complex
   systems , which may be circular or interrupted with long delays . materials
   used to build the simulator include data from literature and industry
   indices . the methods used were the steps in sdm , namely : 1 ) identify the
   problem and boundaries . 2 ) develop a dynamic hypothesis explaining because
   of the problem . 3 ) build the causal loop diagram ( cld ) . 4 ) develop the
   stock and flow model . 5 ) conduct model simulations . and 6 ) model
   validation . results presented here are the cld and stock and flow model of
   the simulator , results of scenario simulations , and model validity tests .
   the simulator consists of the main model , the disease submodel , and the
   antimicrobial use submodel . the main model represents a cycle of production
   in the broiler house of a specified length of time , which repeats after a
   specified down time . the disease submodel shows population dynamics in the
   broiler house in terms of changes over time in number of susceptible ,
   infected , recovered , and dead birds . production parameters that could be
   modified in the model include delivery size , grow_out period , down time ,
   and efficacy of antimicrobials . disease mortality levels , above the set
   threshold , trigger antimicrobial use in the model . the model showed the
   effect of antimicrobial use intervention on the population dynamics , namely
   , on the proportion of the susceptible , infected , recovered , and dead
   birds in the population . thus , the bhdms was able to simulate the effect
   of the intervention on population dynamics and would facilitate evaluating
   management interventions such as antimicrobial use .
DE broiler house disease management simulator; poultry production system;
   system dynamics modeling; vensim
ID necrotic enteritis; salmonella-typhimurium; campylobacter-jejuni;
   coccidiosis; survival; chickens; health

---

UT 85
AR Poornikoo M, 2019, J MODEL MANAG, V14, P610, DOI 10.1108/JM2-04-2018-0045
TI System dynamics modeling with fuzzy logic application to mitigate the
   bullwhip effect in supply chains
AU Poornikoo M; Qureshi MA
TC 17
SO J MODEL MANAG
PY 2019
AB purpose a plethora of studies focused on the because and solutions for the
   bullwhip effect , and consequently many have successfully experimented to
   dampen the effect . however , the feasibility of such studies and the actual
   contribution for supply chain performance are yet up for debate . this paper
   aims to fill this gap by providing a holistic system_based perspective and
   proposes a fuzzy logic decision_making implementation for a single_product ,
   three_echelon and multi_period supply chain system to mitigate such effect .
   design / methodology / approach this study uses system dynamics ( sd ) as
   the central modeling method for which vensim ( r ) is used as a tool for
   hybrid simulation . further , the authors used matlab for undertaking fuzzy
   logic modeling and constructing a fuzzy inference system that is later on
   incorporated into sd model for interaction with the main supply chain
   structure . findings this research illustrated the usefulness of fuzzy
   estimations based on experts ' linguistically and logically defined
   parameters instead of relying merely on the traditional demand forecasting
   based on time series . despite the increased complexity of the calculations
   and structure of the fuzzy model , the bullwhip effect has been considerably
   decreased resulting in an improved supply chain performance . originality /
   value this study presents a systemic approach to deal with uncertainty and
   vagueness in dynamic models , which might be a major because in generating
   the bullwhip effect . for this purpose , the combination between fuzzy set
   theory and system dynamics is a significant step forward .
DE system dynamics; simulation; supply chain; fuzzy logic; bullwhip effect
ID industrial dynamics; inventory

---

UT 86
AR Li L, 2023, J ENV PLAN MANAG, V66, P2576, DOI 10.1080/09640568.2022.2076068
TI Environmental infrastructure and urban residents' well-being: a system
   dynamics approach
AU Li L; Zheng YL; Ma SJ; Li MQ
TC 17
SO J ENV PLAN MANAG
PY 2023
AB the continuous expansion of environmental infrastructure systems plays a
   crucial role in urban sustainable development . while bringing significant
   environmental benefits , it also has negative impacts on the improvement of
   residents ' well_being ( such as the ' not in my backyard ' phenomenon ) .
   in this study , the system dynamics ( sd ) methodology is used to dissect
   the complex interactions between environmental infrastructure and urban
   residents ' well_being . using vensim modeling software and chinese data
   from 2014_2019 , this study designs basic and extended scenarios to discover
   urban environmental infrastructure development measures that effectively
   contribute to residents ' well_being . the simulation results reveal that ,
   in the basic scenarios , the pattern focusing on environmental protection
   and resource_saving development is effective , while the collaborative
   development may have more long_term value . in comparison , in the extended
   scenarios , developing energy supply and pollution treatment facilities can
   effectively improve urban residents ' subjective well_being . but there are
   more factors to consider when planning urban green infrastructure .
DE environmental infrastructure; scenario analysis; subjective well-being;
   system dynamics
ID green infrastructure; metropolitan-area; energy recovery; water resources;
   air pollution; china; model; sustainability; urbanization; emissions

---

UT 87
AR Lei T, 2014, INT J MIN SCI TECHNO, V24, P201, DOI
   10.1016/j.ijmst.2014.01.010
TI Simulation study of coal mine safety investment based on system dynamics
AU Lei T; Yuanyuan D
TC 22
SO INT J MIN SCI TECHNOL
PY 2014
AB to generate dynamic planning for coal mine safety investment , this study
   applies system dynamics to decision_making , classifying safety investments
   by accident type . it validates the relationship between safety investments
   and accident cost , by structurally analyzing the causality between safety
   investments and their influence factors . our simulation model , based on
   vensim software , conducts simulation analysis on a series of actual data
   from a coalmine in shanxi province . our results indicate a lag phase in
   safety investments , and that increasing pre_phase safety investment reduces
   accident costs . we found that a 24 % increase in initial safety investment
   could help reach the target accident costs level 14 months earlier . our
   simulation test included nine kinds of variation trends of accident costs
   brought by different investment ratios on accident prevention . we found an
   optimized ratio of accident prevention investments allowing a mine to reach
   accident cost goals 4 months earlier , without changing its total investment
   . ( c ) 2014 published by elsevier b.v . on behalf of china university of
   mining and technology .
DE system dynamics; coal mine; safety investment; cost of accident

---

UT 88
AR Karthick K, 2023, BR FOOD J, V125, P626, DOI 10.1108/BFJ-06-2021-0702
TI Maximising profit by waste reduction in postharvest Supply Chain of tomato
AU Karthick K; Ajit AB; Subramanaian V; Anbuudayasankar SP; Narassima MS;
   Hariharan D
TC 10
SO BR FOOD J
PY 2023
AB purpose the paper aims to analyze the postharvest supply chain ( sc ) of
   tomatoes to maximize profit by restructuring the modes of operation . design
   / methodology / approach system dynamics_based simulation of four scenarios
   depicting different operational modes of postharvest food sc was employed .
   real_time of tamil nadu state , india was used to enact the scenarios using
   vensim . findings results indicated that cold storage improved the profit of
   wholesalers by prolonging the shelf_life of commodities . retailers and
   farmers gained more profit in the absence of wholesalers . though the
   absence of middlemen reduces the transit time and prevents deterioration ,
   the role of wholesalers , i . e . transporting the commodities to farther
   customers ' needs to be shouldered by other agents effectively to minimize
   losses . research limitations / implications the accuracy of the results
   depend on the exactness of the data collected . the simulation findings , on
   the other hand , could be helpful in decision_making as these models portray
   the actual operational modes of postharvest sc . the suitability of each
   network structure depends on the capabilities of the agents , market
   scenario and demography . implications based on discussions with
   stakeholders and in terms of establishing dedicated societies ( cooperatives
   ) have been provided . originality / value postharvest losses incurred for
   horticultural crops like tomatoes are significantly high . it is of much
   importance to india as agriculture contributes to 17 % of the gross domestic
   product ( gdp ) and india is the second_largest producer of tomatoes
   globally . the study would she would light on restructuring the network
   appropriately .
DE postharvest supply chain; tomato; system dynamics; stock-and-flow model
ID system dynamics; losses

---

UT 89
AR Nozari H, 2022, WATER ENV J, V36, P299, DOI 10.1111/wej.12767
TI Management of agricultural saline drainage using system dynamics approach
AU Nozari H; Liaghat AM; Azadi S
TC 4
SO WATER ENV J
PY 2022
AB agricultural drainage water quality changes over time until it reaches a
   balance . in areas with shallow and saline groundwater , it might take
   several years to reach a balance . in such cases , knowledge of the quantity
   and quality of drainage water is necessary to manage it . the drainage water
   generated must then be managed for reuse purposes where it is of suitable
   quality and is finally discharged or disposed of . in this paper , the
   system dynamics technique was used to manage this drainage water . the study
   used the system dynamic programming tool vensim . the model developed in
   this study is capable of managing drainage water by combination of existing
   solutions such as mixture of irrigation water , used for downstream and
   cultivation of salt tolerant plants , used for irrigation of salt_friendly
   plant , discharged into a river and discharged to evaporation ponds ,
   simultaneously . the model was run using actual data for khuzestan province
   of iran . the results showed that the model could be an opportunity for the
   design and management of drainage systems .
DE drainage system; drainage water quantity; saline drainage water; system
   dynamics technique
ID electrical-conductivity

---

UT 90
AR Campuzano-Bolarin F, 2025, CENT EUR J OPER RES, DOI
   10.1007/s10100-025-00999-4
TI From natural language to executable models.  How ChatGPT writes a system
   dynamics model
AU Campuzano-Bolarin F; López-López D; Martin-Garcia J; Bogataj M
TC 1
SO CENT EUR J OPER RES
PY 2025
AB the process of creating a simulation model , in particular using the system
   dynamics methodology , is a complex and time_intensive task . it begins with
   a clear understanding of the problem , followed by the identification of key
   variables , and culminates in the construction of a stock and flow diagram .
   traditionally , this process has been laborious , requiring significant
   manual effort to translate a conceptual understanding into a functional
   model . with the advent of advanced ai tools like chatgpt and collaborative
   ai , this process can be significantly streamlined . this paper presents a
   personalized chatgpt prompt , david ( c ) ( draw a vensim initial draft )
   that can automate the creation of a complete vensim model , from problem
   description to a fully functional simulation . the importance of this tool ,
   which is easy to use and modify , lies in the fact that it allows people who
   are not experts in creating simulation models to create them without prior
   training or experience .
DE chatgpt; collaborative ai; system dynamics; artificial-intelligence;
   modeling

---

UT 91
AR Musyarofah SA, 2025, BRAZ J OPER PROD MANAG, V22, DOI
   10.14488/BJOPM.2391.2025
TI Qualitative system dynamics model for composing industrial estate readiness
   factors
AU Musyarofah SA; Tontowi AE; Masruroh NA; Wibowo BS
TC 0
SO BRAZ J OPER PROD MANAG
PY 2025
AB goal : this paper analyzes the factors composing industrial estate ( ie )
   readiness through qualitative system dynamics ( sd ) to provide an overview
   of the phenomena occurring in ie in indonesia . design / methodology /
   approach : so modeling analyzes all the factors that compose the ie ' s
   readiness . the stages were problem articulation , boundary selection , and
   formulation of the dynamic hypothesis by designing model boundary diagrams (
   mbd ) and causal loop diagrams ( cld ) using vensim software . results : the
   cld results capture the factors composing indonesia ' s ie readiness model .
   those factors include supply chain readiness , market readiness , human
   resources readiness , regulatory readiness , institutional readiness , and
   selection of the right industrial estate location . in addition , several
   policy recommendations are proposed to help overcome the problems faced by
   the development of ie in indonesia . limitations of the investigation : the
   sd model used is still qualitative ( up to the cld stage ) , the factors
   that compose ie readiness have yet to be quantified , and there is no model
   validation . further study is needed to quantify the model by obtaining
   empirical data and developing practical measurement indicators . practical
   implications : the model is expected to be beneficial for ie decision_makers
   and policymakers , including the government and other stakeholders , to
   develop the ie by measuring the readiness of ies from all aspects so that
   the ie can attract more industrial tenants and optimize the ie occupancy
   rate will be optimal . originality / value : describe the because_and_effect
   relationship model based on the diagram for ie readiness as a recommendation
   for designing a readiness measurement tool for ie development in indonesia .
   in addition , it can corpplement existing readiness documents as evaluation
   material for developing ies in indonesia at this time .
DE indonesia; industrial estate; readiness; system dynamics; qualitative
ID park; management; clusters

---

UT 92
AR Lu Y, 2016, SAFETY SCI, V89, P219, DOI 10.1016/j.ssci.2016.06.018
TI System dynamics modeling of the safety evolution of blended-wing-body
   subscale demonstrator flight testing
AU Lu Y/1; Zhang SG; Hao L; Huangfu HY; Sheng H
TC 22
SO SAF SCI
PY 2016
AB between 2008 and 2010 , three blended_wing_body ( bwb ) aircraft
   configuration subscale demonstrators developed by our research team
   encountered frequent accidents in flight tests . after the crash of the
   third demonstrator in march 2010 , we initialized a systematic safety
   control approach and achieved improved safety records on the fourth
   demonstrator in 2012 . this paper aims to develop a system dynamics model to
   represent such safety evolution process and to reveal the organizational
   mechanism involving complex dynamic interactions of accident causal factors
   ( technical , organizational and human ) . using vensim ( r ) software as a
   modeling tool , a qualitative system dynamic simulation is performed to
   model the feedback relationships of safety_related variables that affect the
   accident rate of demonstrator flight testing across time . this paper gives
   an innovative example to apply system dynamics methodology on accident
   causation analysis in the area of aviation . ( c ) 2016 elsevier ltd . all
   rights reserved .
DE demonstrator flight accident; organization system safety; system dynamics;
   causal loop; stock/flow simulation
ID hazard analysis; incidents; culture

---

UT 93
AR Qiu Y, 2015, J IND ENG MANAG-JIEM, V8, P783, DOI 10.3926/jiem.1325
TI A System Dynamics Model for Simulating the Logistics Demand Dynamics of
   Metropolitans: A Case Study of Beijing, China
AU Qiu Y; Shi XL; Shi CH
TC 10
SO J IND ENG MANAG
PY 2015
AB purpose : we attempted to propose an approach to simulate the dynamics of
   beijing ' s logistics demand , which can do some help to find out the
   dynamics path of the needed storage and shipment , put forward with
   logistics policies and enhance logistics service . design / methodology /
   approach : we present a paper with system dynamics ( sd ) methodology ,
   which was run by the software of vensim ( r ) . findings : with sd model ,
   causal loop diagram and stock and flow diagram are constructed , as well as
   some experiments and policy analysis . the research findings revealed that
   the increase of average shipping capacity for a vehicle will bring a
   decrease in congestion and co2 emission directly and the decrease of the
   average fuel use for a vehicle can help with the reduction of co2 emission
   directly . both the two parameters are the indirect causes of logistics
   demand dynamics in beijing . originality / value : researches of this paper
   are aiming at handling logistics demand dynamics of beijing , problems
   belonging to the area of complex systems , with sd model , where , to the
   best of our knowledge , no significant research has been done .
DE logistics demand; system dynamics; beijing
ID policymaking; supply chain; sustainability; management; strategies;
   framework; industry

---

UT 94
AR Clouth J, 2009, GESUNDH QUAL, V14, P302, DOI 10.1055/s-0028-1109447
TI Evaluating Health Care using System Dynamics Modelling - a Case Study in
   Schizophrenia
AU Clouth J; Knoll S; Eichmann F
TC 1
SO GESUNDH QUAL
PY 2009
AB aim : to demonstrate based on a schizophrenia case study model that system
   dynamics modeling ( sdm ) , a set of conceptual tools that help
   understanding the structure and dynamics of complex systems , can be a
   useful method in the field of health care evaluation , specifically to
   assess cost of illness and budget impact of complex diseases . methods :
   using the specific vensim dss and venapp software tools , a case study model
   was programmed , simulating schizophrenia costs in germany up to the year
   2050 . fixed model input was the age structure of the german population ,
   the suicidal rate for the general population and for people diagnosed with
   schizophrenia , the general death rate and the proportion of suicides and
   schizophrenia prevalence and incidence . subsystems of the model were :
   patient stocks and flows , medication cost , treatment cost , other relevant
   cost , occupational disability cost , early retirement cost , total
   schizophrenia cost , age distribution and auxiliary calculations . results :
   the case study schizophrenia sdm model allows analyzing the distribution of
   schizophrenia costs in the german health systems and demonstrates how the
   cost distribution changes with changing conditions ( e . g . reduced relapse
   rate with the spread of more efficient medication ) . for the base case
   scenario_at the beginning of the model in the year 2000_early retirement
   cost accounted for almost 50 % of the monthly total costs of schizophrenia
   of 474180 000 epsilon , followed by hospital costs , costs of occupational
   disability , and costs of non_medical complementary offerings . indirect
   costs were much more important than direct costs . costs of schizophrenia
   reached a peak around the year 2010 and decreased thereafter . with an
   increasing percentage of patients taking atypicals overall costs were
   decreasing . conclusions : this paper supports system dynamics modeling as
   an alternative , flexible and user friendly modeling technique for
   application in health care evaluation .
DE health system evaluation; system dynamics; modeling; sdmmodeling;
   schizophrenia; antipsychotic medication

---

UT 95
AR Soto MM, 2013, REV TEC FAC ING UNIV ZULIA, V36, P80
TI System dynamics in the simulation of the effect of knowledge management on
   the supply chain of corn agroindustry (Zea mays L.)
AU Soto MM; Monroy CR; Araujo MG; Díaz AM
TC 1
SO REV TEC FAC ING UNIV ZULIA
PY 2013
AB system dynamics is a suitable tool for building managementmodels , because
   of its easy application in solving unstructured problems . in the 21st
   century the sustainability of organizations is influenced by the way in
   which they manage their knowledge . in this sense , knowledge management (
   km ) represents a strategy that contributes to the improvement of production
   of the supply chain ( sc ) of the corn industry ( ci ) . the aim of this
   research is to develop an information technology ( it ) model that enables
   the simulation of the effect of km on the ci production . the methodology
   applied was that of system dynamics through the use of the vensim ple ( r )
   v . 5.10 software , whose determinant indicators were selected through an
   empirical study of km in the sc of the precooked corn flour industry in
   venezuela . in the study it was concluded that the balanced application of
   km practices both in the strategic dimension and in the functional dimension
   , achieves an increase in production through the stabilization of the system
   . in this respect , it is recommended to continue with the evaluation of the
   developed methodology in other agro_industrial environments .
DE system dynamics; supply chain; knowledge management; corn agroindustry

---

UT 96
AR Firmanto AB, 2025, EXTR IND SOC, V24, DOI 10.1016/j.exis.2025.101742
TI System dynamics approach to Indonesia's national tin production planning
AU Firmanto AB; Wibisono D; Siallagan MPS; Mubarok MZ; Febrianti R; Andariesta
   D
TC 0
SO EXTR IND SOC
PY 2025
AB indonesia , as the world ' s leading tin producer , faces increasing
   pressure to balance economic growth with sustainable resource management .
   unregulated exploitation has led to environmental degradation , resource
   depletion , and market volatility . this study applies a system dynamics (
   sd ) modeling approach to optimize national tin production by simulating
   three scenarios : low ( 40,000 tons / year ) , moderate ( 50,000 tons / year
   ) , and high ( 80,000 tons / year ) . our methodology integrated : ( 1 )
   data collection from government and industry sources . ( 2 ) causal loop
   diagramming to map system interconnections . ( 3 ) stock_flow model
   development in vensim . ( 4 ) validation through pattern_matching . and ( 5
   ) multi_scenario simulation across 50 years . critical to this approach was
   the indexing of variables to capture temporal changes in resource quality
   and market conditions , enabling more accurate long_term projections .
   analysis of reserve depletion , supply_demand ratio , prices , and revenue
   revealed that high production rates accelerate reserve exhaustion and
   trigger price suppression , reducing longterm revenue . low to moderate
   production levels maintain higher prices and extend resource lifespan . the
   optimal production rate of 55,000_60,000 tons / year balances economic
   returns with sustainability and market stability . this study provides
   policymakers with a framework to align production quotas with sustainable
   development goals , supporting evidence_based regulations . limitations
   include the exclusion of social , regional , and technological variables ,
   which future research should address .
DE system dynamics; tin production; resource sustainability; economic
   optimization; indonesia

---

UT 97
AR Suryani E, 2026, SUSTAIN DEV, DOI 10.1002/sd.70719
TI Integrating Predictive Modeling and Circular Economy Principles for
   Sustainable Soybean Agriculture
AU Suryani E; Wibisono A; Mudjahidin M; Az-Zahra A; Pramundito RJ; Gunawan G;
   Kurniawan D
TC 0
SO SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2026
AB indonesia ' s persistent dependence on soybean imports threatens national
   food security , a challenge exacerbated by a stark demographic_agricultural
   mismatch . this research introduces a novel , integrated approach to
   sustainable agriculture in east java by combining system dynamics ( sd )
   modeling with circular economy ( ce ) principles . developed using vensim
   ple , the model captures the non_linear interactions within the regional
   soybean value cycle , specifically addressing the projected contraction of
   harvest areas from 238,136 to 134,478 ha by 2025 . the novelty of this work
   lies in using sd to identify the exact economic thresholds where converting
   agricultural residues into high_value livestock feed via pelletizer
   technology triggers a transformative feedback loop . while traditional
   models focus narrowly on yield , this study demonstrates that the
   scn_pelletizer scenario shifts the sector from a subsistence_based model to
   a resilient industrial corridor . scenario simulations reveal that despite
   initial capital expenditures , the ce pathway reaches a break_even point by
   2030 and elevates long_term farmer profits to idr 36 million / ha by 2040 .
   these findings provide a practical roadmap to bridge a critical
   supply_demand gap_where the fulfillment ratio is projected to plummet to
   15.9 % _by diversifying income streams and fostering regional economic
   resilience .
DE circular economy; food security; predictive modeling; sustainable
   agriculture; system dynamics
ID system dynamics type; validation

---

UT 98
AR Sanchez-Céspedes JM, 2022, ING COMPET, V24, DOI 10.25100/iyc.v24i2.11573
TI Simulation Model for the Evaluation of Environmental Policies Through the
   Characterization of Air Pollution in the City of Bogota using System
   Dynamics
AU Sanchez-Céspedes JM; Gaona-Barrera AE; Dallos-Parra DL
TC 0
SO ING COMPET
PY 2022
AB poor air quality in large cities such as bogota , due to fixed and mobile
   emission sources of particulate matter , negatively affects the social ,
   economic and ecological systems of the city . population growth is one of
   the main causes that influence air pollution . therefore , it is considered
   necessary to analyze the because_effect relationships of pollution , its
   sources and the effects on the population . for this reason , developing a
   model using computer tools such as system dynamics , which can evaluate
   different environmental policy scenarios , will help to reduce pollution
   levels and improve the life quality of the population . the methodology used
   was quasi_experimental with a quantitative approach , divided into four
   stages , gathering information , proposing the causal diagram , developing
   the simulation model and evaluating scenarios . vensim ( ( r ) ) was the
   software used as the simulation tool . as a result , it was found that
   highly polluting stationary and mobile sources because an uncontrolled
   increase in pm10 . it was also found that annual conversion rates to clean
   technologies must be 10 % per year or higher to achieve a 50 % reduction in
   pm10 levels , in the medium and long term . the main conclusions were to
   determine that the use of simulation technologies such as system dynamics
   are very useful to formulate more effective environmental policies . the
   simulation presented the need for environmental policies to be long_term
   structural policies that do not vary depending on the change of government .
DE environmental policies; air pollution; pm10; systems dynamics; bogota
ID disease

---

UT 99
AR Fu GM, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16146130
TI Simulation and Regulation of High-Quality Economic Development Based on
   System Dynamics and DPSIR Model
AU Fu GM; Tang JF
TC 3
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB the key to promoting high_quality economic development ( hqed ) is to
   identify the influencing factors and the complex relationships among them .
   under the guidance of china ' s new development concept , we systematically
   analyze the factors influencing the hqed based on the dpsir (
   driver_pressure_state_impact_response ) model . we also establish a system
   dynamics model and adopt vensim ple x64 software to simulate the impact of
   dynamic changes on hqed , which include innovation , coordination , green ,
   openness , sharing systems , and their combinations . the results show that
   increasing green investment is the most effective , followed by enhancing
   regional coordination , enhancing foreign trade , and improving human
   capital . among the studied factors , improving livelihood is the weakest .
   for multiple policy scenarios , the balanced scenario is the most efficient
   , followed by the environment_oriented , and the weakest is the
   openness_oriented scenario . interestingly , combined policies are also more
   effective than single policies , which does not always apply . furthermore ,
   the effect of the policy combination is more obvious with the strengthening
   of the implementation intensity , which is important for policymakers .
DE hqed; dpsir; system dynamics; simulation modeling; regulation

---

UT 100
AR Rahmati K, 2022, J HYDROL ENG, V27, DOI 10.1061/(ASCE)HE.1943-5584.0002197
TI System-Dynamics Approach to Multireservoir Energy Generation under Climate
   Change
AU Rahmati K; Ashofteh PS; Afzali R; Loáiciga HA
TC 7
SO J HYDROL ENG
PY 2022
AB this paper evaluates several efficiency indexes of hydropower energy
   generation in iran ' s karkheh basin water reservoir system ( i . e . ,
   seymareh and karkheh rivers ) under climate change based on the system
   dynamics approach . the climate change effects are investigated with
   simulations of surface temperature and rainfall driven by downscaled climate
   projections from atmosphere_ocean circulation models in the current
   literature , and the models with the highest correlation and lowest error
   for rainfall and temperature in the 1976_2005 baseline period are identified
   . rainfall and temperature are projected over two future periods , 2040_2069
   and 2070_2099 , and are downscaled to basin scale . results project that the
   basin temperature over future periods will be higher than in the baseline
   period . downscaled results under climate change indicate that rainfall will
   not follow a specific pattern . an artificial neural network applied to
   predict runoff indicates that the runoff and flood peak will decrease .
   software is implemented to simulate the operation of hydropower reservoirs
   in baseline and future periods . five reservoir operation states are
   considered , with simulation results of energy production showing that
   runoff and energy production have a complex pattern . seven indexes of
   hydropower reservoir efficiency are also calculated for the five operation
   states corresponding to targets of energy production .
DE climate-change; vensim; efficiency indexes; system dynamics; multireservoir
   hydropower system
ID hydropower generation; performance; impact; water

---

UT 101
AR Nozari H, 2014, J IRRIG DRAIN ENG, V140, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)IR.1943-4774.0000748
TI Simulation of Drainage Water Quantity and Quality Using System Dynamics
AU Nozari H; Liaghat A
TC 19
SO J IRRIG DRAIN ENG-ASCE
PY 2014
AB the quantity and quality of drainage water in areas with shallow and saline
   groundwater changes over time until it reaches a balance . the balance time
   is fairly long and depends on the characteristics of the shallow aquifer .
   therefore , it is very important to simulate such phenomena in order to
   manage drain effluent , especially when it is supposed to discharge into the
   environment . in this paper , the system dynamics technique was used to
   simulate the performance of a drainage system in the unsteady state
   condition . the study used the system dynamic programming tool vensim . the
   model developed in this study is capable of predicting many hydrological
   variables such as water table fluctuation , drainage discharge , and the
   salinity of drain water and ground water . the model was validated using
   data collected at a tile_drained experimental site irrigated with shallow
   ground water located in the khuzestan province of iran . the results show
   that the standard error values in determining accuracy of simulated water
   table level , drainage discharge , and salinity of drain water are 14.4 cm ,
   0.43 l / s , and 2.8 ds / m , respectively . a sensitivity analysis was done
   to determine the response of simulated results to changes in model
   parameters . the results indicated a good agreement between the observed and
   simulated variables , and the model can be used to manage and control saline
   drainage water and also to prevent environmental damage . ( c ) 2014
   american society of civil engineers .
DE drainage system; hydrological variables; salinity; system dynamics; unsteady
   state
ID drainmod; region; yield

---

UT 102
AR Saryazdi AHG, 2018, INT J QUAL RELIAB MANAG, V35, P1445, DOI
   10.1108/IJQRM-05-2017-0102
TI Waste management in a wire and cable company through system dynamics
   approach
AU Saryazdi AHG; Ghavidel M
TC 2
SO INT J QUAL RELIAB MANAG
PY 2018
AB purpose the purpose of this paper is to investigate the dynamics of waste
   production in the product structure of a wire and cable manufacturing
   company that deals with a high_volume waste and proposes strategies that
   reduce product costs . design / methodology / approach the methodology for
   this research is descriptive and expressive modeling in a way that theories
   of research have been extracted from literature and field studies have been
   done based on the company specialists ' views . the system dynamics has been
   used to analyze and model waste in a wire and cable firm . findings applying
   sd approach in the paper not only helps to identify the structure of
   producing the waste , which is complicated and dynamic , but also proposes
   ways to reduce them and illustrate the applied results . the second outcome
   shows that in the waste management there should be a digression in a
   managerial view to the systematic thought . in the other word as in the
   system dynamic approach , the expansion of the model boundary is one of the
   objectives to find appropriate solution . the behavior model showed that in
   the waste management the most effective way to reduce the waste is to buy
   qualified raw material which is out of the firm . originality / value this
   paper not only shows that the system dynamic approach is appropriate for the
   waste management problems which are complicated and dynamic but also proved
   that in the waste management system the solutions are not always near or
   within the firm . they should be identified by a systematic approach .
DE waste management; system dynamics approach; vensim software
ID municipal solid-waste

---

UT 103
AR Abdi-Dehkordi M, 2021, ENVIRON DEV SUSTAIN, V23, P16246, DOI
   10.1007/s10668-021-01340-0
TI Developing a sustainability assessment framework for integrated management
   of water resources systems using distributed zoning and system dynamics
   approaches
AU Abdi-Dehkordi M; Bozorg-Haddad O; Salavitabar A; Goharian E
TC 14
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2021
AB the management of large_scale water resources systems requires including of
   different stakeholders and users from municipal , agricultural , industrial
   and environmental sectors . this has baffled the process of decision making
   for integrated water resource systems . in such systems , the interactions
   between various stakeholders must be carefully taken into account with the
   goal of aggregating interests around the sustainability concept . in this
   study , first , the integrated water resources systems of big karun
   watershed , iran , have been modeled using the system dynamics approach .
   the system dynamics model represents the interactions between different
   components of the system , including water transfer projects , dams , urban
   , industry , agriculture and fish farming , and environmental demands .
   vensim software has been used for the system dynamics modeling . vensim
   simulates the dynamics behavior of the sub_systems and overall performance
   of the system by comparing the current operation policies with the future
   management scenarios . a wide range of performance indices , such as
   quantitative and qualitative water stress , income , cost , and productivity
   , have been used here to represent different aspects of sustainability goals
   . finally , the performance of the systems has been evaluated by developing
   a sustainability index using distributed zoning model in order to identify
   proper management policies for this watershed . the results indicate that
   downstream users demand can not be fully met by solely considering
   inter_basin water transfer and agricultural development projects . the
   sustainable and integrated management of the whole system ties into
   enhancement in both infrastructure systems and the operation of the whole
   system . it is expected that the sustainability of the basin improves if a
   water market schema exists and the gained money would be used to enhance the
   efficiency of existing irrigation networks .
DE integrated water resources management; sustainability; system dynamics
   approach; big karun basin

---

UT 104
AR Jahandideh-Tehrani M, 2014, J ENERGY ENG-ASCE, V140, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)EY.1943-7897.0000179
TI Power Generation Simulation of a Hydropower Reservoir System Using System
   Dynamics: Case Study of Karoon Reservoir System
AU Jahandideh-Tehrani M; Bozorg-Haddad O; Mariño MA
TC 10
SO J ENERGY ENG-ASCE
PY 2014
AB the system dynamics approach is an object_oriented simulation method based
   on feedback loops , flow diagrams , and flow and state variables , which can
   be used in the development of a water system ' s operational policies and
   water_resource management . in reservoir operation simulations , there are
   iterative procedures ( feedback loops ) due to the dependency of reservoir
   release on both initial and final reservoir storage . system dynamics can
   successfully satisfy this need . given the complex implicit and nonlinear
   relationships that exist in hydropower reservoirs , the system dynamics
   approach can be efficient in the planning and management of those reservoirs
   . this paper develops a system_dynamics simulation model using vensim for
   the operation of a hydropower reservoir system ( khersan 1 , karoon 4 , and
   karoon 3 ) that is located in series and in parallel in the karoon river
   basin , iran . steps of the model design include definition of decision
   variables , formulation of model , and method of solution to compute the
   output of the hydropower reservoirs . to assess the effects of the
   reservoirs on each other and the importance of each reservoir , operational
   scenarios are considered . reservoir performance criteria ( reliability ,
   resiliency , and vulnerability ) and mean energy production over a 44_year
   simulation period are calculated for each operational scenario . the results
   show that addition of the khersan 1 reservoir to the system composed of
   karoon 4 and karoon 3 reservoirs increases the average amount of energy
   production by 20 % without a significant loss in performance criteria . the
   sensitivity analysis for khersan 1 is conducted in two states . the amounts
   of installed capacity of the power plant and maximum storage volume of the
   reservoir are increased by 20 % and decreased by 20 % , respectively . the
   results show that , in terms of energy production , the effect of increasing
   the installed power_plant capacity of khersan 1 is greater than that of
   increasing the maximum reservoir storage volume of this reservoir .
   therefore , by considering the same percentage increase ( 20 % ) in both
   installed capacity and maximum storage volume , it is preferable to increase
   the installed capacity of the power plant at khersan 1 reservoir .
DE simulation; reservoirs; hydro power; case studies; iran; simulation;
   operation; reservoir systems; hydropower; system dynamics
ID multicrop irrigation areas; hbmo algorithm; water; operation; optimization;
   management; discrete

---

UT 105
AR Zhang JH, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-13070-8
TI Systemic and dynamic risk analysis of drilling construction based on
   bayesian network and system dynamics model
AU Zhang JH; Wu LR; Zhang T; Wu D
TC 1
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB drilling construction is a key means to obtain underground resources and
   information , and construction risk also directly affects the safety ,
   economy and sustainability of engineering projects . aiming at the
   limitations of traditional risk assessment methods in the dynamic and
   systematic aspects , this paper proposes a comprehensive analysis method
   combining bayesian network ( bn ) and system dynamics ( sd ) . first ,
   through expert interviews and field investigations , an evaluation system
   consisting of 5 dimensions and 20 indicators was established , and the
   combination of entropy weight method and expert score was used to empower
   the system . then the three_layer bayesian network was constructed by genie
   , and the system dynamics model with 5 feedback loops was established by
   vensim_ple to realize the static and dynamic coupling analysis of risk
   factors . the study found that equipment integrity ( 59 % ) , geological
   conditions ( 55 % ) and operational skills ( 51 % ) were the leading risk
   factors . finally , the model is applied to the actual scene , and the
   results are in agreement with the actual situation . this study provides a
   theoretical framework of probability prediction and process optimization for
   the systematic analysis of complex drilling construction , and provides a
   more comprehensive risk analysis for drilling safety under complex
   geological conditions .
DE drilling construction; entropy weight method ( ewm ); bayesian network;
   system dynamics; risk analysis

---

UT 106
AR Wu YB, 2017, CLUST COMPUT, V20, P3147, DOI 10.1007/s10586-017-1028-8
TI Spatial-temporal allocation of regional land consolidation project based on
   landscape pattern and system dynamics
AU Wu YB; Li MN; Liu L; Zhang YF; Liu L/1; Wang L/1
TC 7
SO CLUST COMPUT
PY 2017
AB in order to determine the mode of spatial_temporal allocation about the
   regional land consolidation project , qing county in hebei province was set
   as the study area . based on the perspective of landscape pattern , by
   utilizing the method of system dynamics and synergetics , the influence of
   land consolidation project on landscape pattern and ecological process were
   analyzed . by considering regional natural , environmental and social
   economic development conditions , the regional land consolidation project in
   time and space configuration model was build , which coupled the structure
   and function , time and space . this model contains three sub_systems :
   social , economic and landscape ecological system . based on feedback theory
   , the level variable , rate variable , auxiliary variable and constant
   variable and other system variables were confirmed . then , used system
   dynamics theory the main feedback loop and secondary feedback loops in each
   sub_system were analyzed and level equations , rate equations and auxiliary
   equations of the feedback loops were built . thereby , the system model was
   got . in the model , coupling and coordination degree was used to
   distinguish the total coupling and coordination condition of the system .
   used the actual data of research area from 2004 to 2015 as the simulation
   data , and the year of 2013 was set as the benchmark year of simulation .
   all the relative error of the data was controlled in 2 % through vensim
   platform . the prediction system behavior from the model is the same as
   actual situation , which verified the applicability and accuracy of the
   model . the results proved that this model can represent the dynamical
   evolution process of the coupling between the system factors . at the time ,
   combined with gis technology , coordinated development model in dynamic
   scenes of the research area land consolidation project in time and space
   configuration has been simulated .
DE landscape pattern; land consolidation project; system dynamics; spatial-
   temporal allocation

---

UT 107
AR Treves A, 2025, ECOL MODEL, V503, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolmodel.2025.111057
TI Modelling system dynamics as a socio-ecological perspective to support
   human-beaver interactions
AU Treves A; Zenezini G; Comino E
TC 2
SO ECOL MODEL
PY 2025
AB beavers are semi_aquatic mammals that significantly impact on freshwater
   ecosystems , creating benefits and challenges , particularly in areas with
   close human interaction . managing human_beaver interactions is a
   multifaceted issue due to the many variables involved , but the complexity
   of these interactions can be analyzed effectively using system dynamics
   models . these models are used in many contexts , including wildlife
   management , to simulate a variety of management policies and assess their
   effects . the present study addressed gaps in the literature by developing a
   system dynamics model that examined both the benefits and conflicts that
   arise from human_beaver interactions . the model , implemented using vensim
   ple software , synthesized qualitative and quantitative data to simulate
   four simulation scenarios : ecological , social , economic , and policy
   making . the study examined the dynamics of beaver populations , ecosystem
   service provision , social perceptions , and management strategies in a case
   study of the ivrea lakes area in the piedmont region ( italy ) . model
   predictions highlights that beaver populations stabilized logistically ,
   influencing ecosystem services and residual capital , while social
   acceptance stongly reduced management costs and social pressure . optimal
   budget allocation and combined strategies emerged as key to sustainable
   management and conflict mitigation . overall , predictions suggest that an
   integrated approach that prioritizes prevention and actively engages local
   communities can improve both ecological outcomes and social acceptance of
   beavers . the model is a useful decision and discussion tool for assessing
   management strategies and facilitating stakeholder involvement . future
   studies should expand on these results by exploring additional
   beaver_related conflicts and benefits in diverse contexts .
DE beaver management; ecosystem services; socio-ecological approach; system
   dynamics model; human-wildlife interactions
ID management; conflict; stewardship; design

---

UT 108
AR Shahsavari-Pour N, 2023, APPL SCI-BASEL, V13, DOI 10.3390/app13031662
TI A System Dynamics Approach to Optimize Milk Production in an Industrial
   Ranch
AU Shahsavari-Pour N; Rahimi-Ashjerdi S; Heydari A; Fekih A
TC 5
SO APPL SCI-BASEL
PY 2023
AB the milk production process on an industrial ranch consists of various and
   regular activities , with each requiring a proper management approach .
   different variables also affect the milk production process , and the
   maximum milk production is achieved by identifying critical variables . this
   work was motivated by the fereidan ahrar ranch management in isfahan , iran
   , which seeks to identify and optimize important variables to increase milk
   production . this unit also considers livestock omission due to disease and
   losses as one of the important issues . this kind of omission is followed by
   the increased medical costs of the ranch . this paper investigated a system
   dynamics approach and vensim software to simulate the milk production
   process considering the combination of demographic livestock and medical
   costs . system sensitivity was analyzed using the design of experiment ( doe
   ) technique and some scenarios were proposed to maximize milk production by
   identifying and tuning important variables affecting milk production . the
   simulation results of the designed model showed five important variables
   affecting milk production . these variables include the production cycle
   rate , voluntary omission rate , change rates of female calves per year that
   are entered into the life cycle of the ranch , pregnant heifers that become
   dairy herds after calving , and finally , the effect of the medical costs .
DE milk production; system dynamics; simulation; design of experiments;
   optimization
ID management-practices; modeling approach; mastitis; demand; death; cows

---

UT 109
AR Yeh SC, 2006, ENVIRON MODELL SOFTW, V21, P937, DOI
   10.1016/j.envsoft.2005.04.005
TI Simulation of soil erosion and nutrient impact using an integrated system
   dynamics model in a watershed in Taiwan
AU Yeh SC; Wang CA; Yu HC
TC 30
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2006
AB in recent years , erosion , sediment , and nutrient pollution have become
   issues of major concern in taiwan . keelung river , as it flows across the
   taipei metropolitan area , is one of the most important rivers with regard
   to these issues . this research aims to compute and simulate erosion ,
   sediment yield , and resulting nutrient pollution , together with related
   economic factors . related physical models were programmed using a system
   dynamics software package vensim ( r ) , for convenience in scenario designs
   and simulations . gis software arcview ( r ) was employed to integrate
   digitized themes that contain data necessary for further computation and
   applications . excel ( r ) was also used to link arcview and vensim and made
   an interactive computational model . five submodels , i . e . , the soil
   erosion model , the sediment transportation model , the runoff model , the
   nutrient model , and the economic model , were included in this integrated
   model . through this model , it was estimated that , according to the
   hydrological and geographical data from last five years , the total annual
   amounts of soil erosion , sediment yield , and nutrient load are 292,327
   tons , 101,661 tons , and 1428 tons , respectively . these results can be
   compared with those derived from models in other researches . as the model
   in this research was driven by a system dynamics core , scenario simulations
   can be carried out based on various combinations of system parameters . this
   offers the model additional flexibility and applicability . ( c ) 2005
   elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE scenario simulation; gis; system dynamics; excel; soil erosion; nutrient;
   sediment transportation; taiwan; vensim
ID information-system; fuzzy logic; solid-waste; management; sediment;
   prediction; prioritization; experience; catchment; areas

---

UT 110
AR Woo TH, 2015, ENERGY SOURCES A-RECOVERY UTIL ENV EFF, V37, P649, DOI
   10.1080/15567036.2011.590861
TI Safety Assessment for Power Uprate in the Nuclear Power Plant Using a System
   Dynamics (SD) Method by Monte Carlo Software
AU Woo TH
TC 3
SO ENERGY SOURCES A-RECOVERY UTIL ENV EFF
PY 2015
AB the power increase in the nuclear power plants has been investigated for the
   safety aspect . most equipment could be affected by the power uprate , which
   could increase the electricity power level . the quantification of the
   uprate reliability is performed by the system dynamics method , which is
   processed by the feedback and accumulation algorithms . the vensim software
   package is used for the simulations , which is made by the monte carlo
   method . there are two kinds of considerations as the economic and safety
   properties . the result shows the stability of the operations when the power
   can be decided . this shows the higher efficiency of the reactor . the
   maximum value of risk is 157,887 in 2065 and the minimum value is 2 in 2010
   . thus , the risk of the power uprate increases 78,954 times higher than the
   initial value in this study .
DE feedback; nuclear power plants; power uprate; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 111
AR Szarka N, 2008, ATMOS ENV, V42, P403, DOI 10.1016/j.atmosenv.2007.09.051
TI Atmospheric emissions modeling of energetic biomass alternatives using
   system dynamics approach
AU Szarka N; Kakucs O; Wolfbauer J; Bezama A
TC 10
SO ATMOS ENV
PY 2008
AB to simulate the quantitative effects of regional biomass alternatives for
   energetic purpose ( bfe ) on air pollutant emissions , a system dynamics
   model was developed and applied for the euregion austrian_hungarian
   cross_border area . the dynamic simulation program vensim ( r ) was used to
   build an overall regional model with economic , social and environmental
   sectors . within this model , the here_introduced regional air pollution
   sub_model ( regair ) includes the important human_made emissions of 10
   pollutants resulting from all relevant source sectors within the region
   investigated . emissions from activities related to biomass production ,
   transport , conversion and final energy consumption were built in detail .
   after building and calibrating the regair model , seven quantitative test
   scenarios were defined and implemented into the model . through the
   scenarios simulation , effects on air emissions were followed and compared
   over time . the results of these simulations show a significant reduction of
   co2 emissions , especially in cases where fossil fuel displacement in
   heating devices is achieved on the largest scale . on the contrary ,
   traditional air pollutants increase by most bfe options . the results of the
   regair model simulations of bfe alternatives over two decades provide useful
   quantifications of various air emissions and identify the less pollutant bfe
   alternatives in the dynamic context of the relevant air pollution sources of
   the region . after minor structural modifications and appropriate
   calibration , regair can be applied to other regions as well . however , it
   is stated that , to finally decide on the overall most_appropriate options
   at a regional level , other environmental as well as economic and social
   effects must be taken into consideration , being the latter the goal of the
   mentioned overall regional model which serves as a model frame to the regair
   tool . ( c ) 2007 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE atmospheric emissions; system dynamics; regional modeling; energetic biomass
ID sustainable development; indicators

---

UT 112
AR Feng RY, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13040269
TI Research on Autonomous Vehicle Technology Innovation Ecosystem in China
   Based on System Dynamics
AU Feng RY; Liu YQ; Li M; Zhou F
TC 1
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB based on the perspective of an innovation ecosystem , the system dynamics
   research method is used to construct a technological innovation ecosystem
   model of autonomous vehicles in china . vensim ple software was used for
   simulation to obtain the development trend of technological innovation from
   2015 to 2030 and to explore the impact of various elements inside the system
   on the overall system . this research finds that the dynamic mechanism of
   china ' s autonomous vehicle technology innovation ecosystem mainly includes
   the innovation resource supply subsystem , the technology innovation
   diffusion subsystem , and the incentive and guarantee subsystem . each
   subsystem interacts to jointly promote continuous innovation and iterative
   upgrading of technology . education investment , infrastructure construction
   , innovation platform construction , and other factors all have a positive
   impact on the technological innovation level of autonomous vehicles , and
   the effect of multiple parameter changes is far more significant than that
   of single factor changes . the number of research and development patents ,
   level of technological innovation , actual adopters of technological
   innovation , and benefits of technological innovation are all showing a good
   growth trend in the future . accordingly , it is concluded that there should
   be optimization of scientific research investment strategies , acceleration
   of infrastructure layout , and expansion of application scenarios . these
   insights provide a theoretical basis and practical guidance for promoting
   the high_quality development of autonomous vehicle technology in china .
DE autonomous vehicle; innovation ecosystems; technological innovation; system
   dynamics

---

UT 113
AR Crookes DJ, 2024, AFR J ECON MANAG SCI, V27, DOI 10.4102/sajems.v27i1.5069
TI A dynamic, stochastic, Bayesian, provincial input-output model for the South
   African economy
AU Crookes DJ
TC 0
SO AFR J ECON MANAG SCI
PY 2024
AB background : the green economy has long been important in public discourses
   , as has been the forecasting of macroeconomic phenomena . aim : the purpose
   with this study was to construct a regional input_output model for the south
   african economy . setting : the model is a coupled input_output / system
   dynamics model . it is dynamic in the sense that sector growth follows the '
   limits to growth ' hypothesis . the model is used to explore the impact on
   the green economy , and also on poverty indices . method : it was
   constructed using vensim ( r ) , a system dynamics modeling package .
   bayesian methods were utilized to estimate realistic values for the
   multipliers . type i multipliers for output , income , employment and gross
   value added ( gva ) are estimated . the model was then ' tested ' by
   forecasting various resource sectors ' gva ( i . e . agriculture , mining ,
   water , electricity ) . results : the model fits the historical data well ,
   replicating provincial gva as well as national gva to an acceptable standard
   . the multipliers fell within appropriate ranges , and followed a priori
   expectations . conclusion : the model provides ' highly accurate ' forecasts
   of various macroeconomic parameters , including the resources sectors . the
   impact of different multipliers in the three resources sectors on various
   poverty indices in south africa was also assessed . contribution : the model
   has great potential for further use in the agricultural , energy and
   resource sectors , but also has wider application since it provides a means
   for generating an input_output table for any specific year based on the
   forecasting of input_output elements .
DE vensim; input- output; limits to growth; forecast accuracy; poverty
   indicators; resources; multipliers; system dynamics
ID system dynamics; green economy; sustainable development; poverty; reduction;
   impacts

---

UT 114
AR Foxon F, 2021, ASTRON COMPUT, V36, DOI 10.1016/j.ascom.2021.100486
TI Evaluating modern system dynamics software for use in astrophysical
   simulations
AU Foxon F
TC 0
SO ASTRON COMPUT
PY 2021
AB system dynamics ( sd ) software provides a diagrammatic way of modeling
   integral and differential relations in a system . in the current literature
   , sd software is typically applied to problems in the social sciences .
   however , the methods utilized in sd are not constrained to these fields ,
   warranting novel applications in the physical sciences . previous literature
   has applied sd software to time_dependent systems , but this method of
   modeling problems in physics has not proved popular in research , possibly
   due to limitations within the software available . the primary contribution
   of this paper is to demonstrate the application of current sd software to
   astrophysical phenomena in which the independent variable is not time ,
   namely in modeling the internal structure of zero_age main_sequence stars .
   this demonstrates an innovative model application with the possibility for
   future adaptations , and extension to other astrophysical phenomena . the
   ease of the modeling process and validity of results for such a system is
   demonstrated , however a number of complications associated with current sd
   software were encountered . suggestions are made as to how these may be
   overcome in future software iterations to make sd software more accessible
   to researchers in astrophysics . ( c ) 2021 elsevier b.v . all rights
   reserved .
DE system dynamics; vensim; stellar structure; simulation model; zero-age main-
   sequence star

---

UT 115
AR Shahsavari-Pour N, 2023, SUSTAIN, V15, DOI 10.3390/su15076225
TI Water Shortage Simulation Using a System Dynamics Approach: A Case Study of
   the Rafsanjan City
AU Shahsavari-Pour N; Bahador S; Heydari A; Fekih A
TC 4
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB water shortage and its interconnected and integrated management is one of
   the life crises in recent years . factors such as population growth ,
   plurality of population needs , traditional farming methods , climate change
   , and water waste are among the contributing factors to this crisis . the
   complexity of water sources and consumption systems makes the management and
   decision_making related to this resource very difficult . this research aims
   to study the effective factors in the water sources and consumption system
   of rafsanjan city and suggests a simulated model of water shortage and its
   causes . in this research , water shortage crises were simulated using
   system dynamics . important variables of the water shortage crisis are
   identified and optimized using the design of experiments ( doe ) method .
   vensim software was considered to illustrate the simulations of five
   scenarios aiming at better managing water resources and dealing with the
   water shortage crisis in this city .
DE water shortage crisis; system dynamics; rafsanjan city; water resources
ID carrying-capacity; river-basin; resources; model; management

---

UT 116
AR Wu MH, 2013, PEDIATR NEONATOL, V54, P389, DOI 10.1016/j.pedneo.2013.04.010
TI Theoretical System Dynamics Modeling for Taiwan Pediatric Workforce in an
   Era of National Health Insurance and Low Birth Rates
AU Wu MH; Yu JY; Huang CH
TC 18
SO PEDIATR NEONATOL
PY 2013
AB background : in an era of declining birth rates and a single_payer health
   care system , the pediatric workforce might overreact to its demands .
   system dynamics ( sd ) were therefore applied to establish models to predict
   the future need and demand for the pediatric workforce . materials and
   methods : data of population and workforce were extracted from national
   databases and models developed using vensim software . results : in the past
   decade , the child_to_pediatrician ratio correlated with infant mortality in
   taiwan ( p < 0.001 , r ( 2 ) = 0.88 , child_to_pediatrician ratio = 146 +
   354 x infant mortality/1000 live births ) . currently , the
   child_to_pediatrician ratio is 1742:1. using the millennium development
   goals ( 2.437/1000 live births ) for infant mortality , the
   child_to_pediatrician ratio was estimated as 1009:1. the pediatric
   population model incorporated the birth and mortality rates in each age
   category , accurately predicted population changes between 1974 and 2010 ,
   and projected a decreasing trend until 2017 . the pediatric workforce model
   , which considered rates of enrollment , completion , certification , and
   retention , predicted a decrease in the supply of pediatricians in the
   mid_2010s that could be delayed by policy incentives . when targeting the
   base scenario , the model indicated that discrepancies between demands and
   supply of pediatricians would occur in the late 2010s toward 2020 . when
   targeting the millennium development goals scenario , however , the
   discrepancies would be consistent . conclusion : effective sd models were
   developed for the population and health care workforce . the strengths of
   the sd models are derived from simulation , which is subject to influence
   from new policies . policies can , therefore , be examined and intervened in
   a timely manner . copyright ( c ) 2013 , taiwan pediatric association .
   published by elsevier taiwan llc . all rights reserved .
DE pediatrics; system dynamics; workforce
ID specialty; shortage; choice

---

UT 117
AR Kordshouli HAR, 2023, J GLOB ENTREP RES, V13, DOI 10.1007/s40497-023-00348-2
TI Entrepreneurship motivation and institutions: system dynamics and scenario
   planning
AU Kordshouli HAR; Maleki B
TC 3
SO J GLOB ENTREP RES
PY 2023
AB so far , few empirical studies have tried to investigate the relationship of
   bilateral causality between entrepreneurial motivations and institutions .
   indeed , researchers have not paid due attention to complexities such as the
   subsystems of entrepreneurship , institutional factors , and feedbacks
   within and between them . similarly , the dynamics , or the changes in the
   variables of the two subsystems in the long run , and the uncertainties of
   the entrepreneurial ecosystem have remained neglected . considering these
   gaps , this research seeks to detect the institutional factors that
   influence the index of entrepreneurial motivation ( i . e . , opportunity /
   necessity_based entrepreneurship ratio ) in possible futures through
   strategic scenarios derived from the key uncertainties in the iranian
   entrepreneurial ecosystem . to achieve the goal , this study utilizes system
   dynamics as a method to provide a systemic model for the iranian
   entrepreneurial ecosystem and its effects on the motivation index . the data
   required for the model are collected from various international reports in
   the period of 2008_2018. after the key uncertainties are identified through
   scenario planning , the causal relationships between the variables are
   designed and simulated by the vensim dss software . once the model
   performance is ensured , it is simulated in four strategic scenarios
   obtained from a combination of corruption and country risk as two possible
   situations of uncertainty . then , in more probable scenarios , the factors
   with long_term effects on the motivation index are identified . as the
   results suggest , institutional factors such as business freedom ,
   technology transfer , competition quality , and government effectiveness can
   improve the index of entrepreneurial motivation . moreover , this index is
   involved in the process of institutional changes .
DE entrepreneurship motivation index; necessity motivation; opportunity
   motivation; scenario planning; system dynamics
ID formal institutions; level; opportunity; necessity; growth

---

UT 118
AR Stadnicka D, 2019, INT J PROD ECON, V208, P400, DOI
   10.1016/j.ijpe.2018.12.011
TI Value stream mapping and system dynamics integration for manufacturing line
   modelling and analysis
AU Stadnicka D; Litwin P
TC 58
SO INT J PROD ECON
PY 2019
AB companies have to meet client ' s requirements with regard to product
   quality and delivery time . in order to survive and have possibilities to
   develop , companies should do it at minimal cost . the lean manufacturing
   implementation approach together with lean tools , such as value stream
   mapping ( vsm ) , is an efficient way for waste identification and
   elimination . however , since vsm enables only a static analysis of a
   manufacturing system , the authors present in this paper how the integration
   of vsm with a system dynamics analysis ( sda ) may increase the
   possibilities for waste identification and elimination . at first , the
   methodology of extended vsm is described . then , an extended value stream
   map ( vsmap ) is developed and a system dynamics model ( sdm ) for a case
   study from the automotive industry is presented . next , simulations in
   vensim software are performed considering the inventory limitations and
   disturbances such as delivery delays , machine failures and nonconformities
   . the results are related to inventory levels , a number of manufactured
   products and work stand load . the article proves that the proposed extended
   vsm may be used as the only source of data for the construction of a
   manufacturing line computer model . the paper also argues that the
   integration of vsm and sd allows not only to identify and eliminate waste ,
   but also to understand the impact of the identified problems on wip and the
   production volume .
DE extended value stream mapping; computer simulations; system dynamics
   analysis; inventory level reduction; manufacturing system analysis
ID simulation; performance; improvement; inventory; benefits

---

UT 119
AR Aboah J, 2023, PLOS, V18, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0287386
TI Ex-ante impact of pest des petits ruminant control on micro and macro
   socioeconomic indicators in Senegal: A system dynamics modelling approach
AU Aboah J; Apolloni A; Duboz R; Wieland B; Kotchofa P; Okoth E; Dione M
TC 4
SO PLOS
PY 2023
AB vaccination is considered as the main tool for the global control and
   eradication strategy for peste des petits ruminants ( ppr ) , and the
   efficacity of the ppr_vaccine in conferring long_life immunity has been
   established . despite this , previous studies asserted that vaccination can
   be expensive and consequently , the effectiveness of disease control may not
   necessarily translate to overall profit for farmers . also , the
   consequences of ppr control on socioeconomic indicators like food and
   nutrition security at a macro_national level have not been explored
   thoroughly . therefore , this study seeks to assess ex_ante the impact of
   ppr control strategies on farm_level profitability and the socioeconomic
   consequences concerning food and nutrition security at a national level in
   senegal . a bi_level system dynamics model , compartmentalized into five
   modules consisting of integrated production_epidemiological , economics ,
   disease control , marketing , and policy modules , was developed with the
   stella architect software , validated , and simulated for 30 years at a
   weekly timestep . the model was parameterised with data from household
   surveys from pastoral areas in northern senegal and relevant existing data .
   nine vaccination scenarios were examined considering different vaccination
   parameters ( vaccination coverage , vaccine wastage , and the provision of
   government subsidies ) . the findings indicate that compared to a
   no_vaccination scenario , all the vaccination scenarios for both 26.5 % (
   actual vaccination coverage ) and 70 % ( expected vaccination coverage )
   resulted in statistically significant differences in the gross margin
   earnings and the potential per capita consumption for the supply of mutton
   and goat meat . at the prevailing vaccination coverage ( with or without the
   provision of government subsidies ) , farm households will earn an average
   gross margin of $ 69.43 ( annually ) more than without vaccination , and the
   average per capita consumption for mutton and goat meat will increase by
   1.13kg / person / year . when the vaccination coverage is increased to the
   prescribed threshold for ppr eradication ( i . e . , 70 % ) , with or
   without the provision of government subsidies , the average gross margin
   earnings would be $ 72.23 annually and the per capita consumption will
   increase by 1.23kg / person / year compared to the baseline ( without
   vaccination ) . this study ' s findings offer an empirical justification for
   a sustainable approach to ppr eradication . the information on the
   socioeconomic benefits of vaccination can be promoted via sensitization
   campaigns to stimulate farmers ' uptake of the practice . this study can
   inform investment in ppr control .
ID vaccination

---

UT 120
AR Wang JY, 2015, J CLEAN PROD, V92, P237, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2014.12.076
TI Identifying best design strategies for construction waste minimization
AU Wang JY/2; Li ZD; Tam VWY/1
TC 143
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2015
AB waste minimization design ( wmd ) is a key strategy for effectively
   minimizing construction waste at an early stage . however , it seems that
   appropriate methods for estimating the effect of various design measures on
   construction waste reduction with consideration of the interrelationships of
   potential design strategies are lacking . this study proposes a model for
   quantitatively assessing the effect of various waste management strategies
   and policies at the design stage on waste reduction . this model features a
   system dynamics approach using a vensim software package . simulation
   results show that ( 1 ) the use of prefabricated components exerts the
   largest influence on the design of construction waste reduction , followed
   by few design modifications and waste reduction investment , ( 2 ) mutual
   effects exist among potential design strategies , and ( 3 ) the combined
   effect of multi_design strategies is more significant than the simple sum of
   the effects of all single_design strategies and thus demands full
   consideration of the combined effect of relevant potential design strategies
   . similar scenarios comprising other design strategies can also be simulated
   and analyzed based on the developed model . this study demonstrates the
   benefits of using a system dynamics approach in understanding the process
   and potential effects of the implementation of wmd . the developed model is
   potentially valuable as a utility tool for the dynamic assessment of the
   effect of design strategies on construction waste minimization ( cwm ) . by
   comparing different simulation results generated under various scenarios ,
   this study identifies the best practice ahead of implementation . ( c ) 2015
   elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE performance evaluation; construction waste management; design strategies;
   system dynamics
ID system dynamics; demolition waste; management; prefabrication; reduction;
   model; sustainability; performance; disposal

---

UT 121
AR Marzouk M, 2022, CLEAN ENG TECHNOL, V6, DOI 10.1016/j.clet.2021.100368
TI Modeling investment policies effect on environmental indicators in Egyptian
   construction sector using system dynamics
AU Marzouk M; Fattouh KM
TC 8
SO CLEAN ENG TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB construction stakeholders aim at limiting the impact of the construction
   sector on the natural environment to assure sustainability . the
   construction industry forms a significant portion of the egyptian gdp and
   employs millions of labor force and consumes most of the country ' s energy
   and its primary resources . egypt faces dual pressure of maintaining
   economic growth and largely reducing carbon emissions . this study aims at
   exploring the effect of finance_growth_energy nexus on carbon emissions for
   egypt over the 1990_2050 period . by employing the system dynamics approach
   , the study tries to capture the impact of some investment policies on the
   consumption of energy , financial development and economic growth in
   addition to linking them with the carbon emissions of egypt in a simulation
   model using vensim ( r ) ple software . the model provides the policy makers
   with a simulating tool supporting their decisions . the findings reveal that
   both construction technology , represented in construction materials and
   construction machinery , and labor education are main keys of true
   sustainable development . several policies are examined to study system
   behavior and revealed that it is not enough to capture the technology in
   order to achieve development , and suitable education and training courses
   should be provided to deliver labor force that can use and improve such
   technologies . the proposed methodology aids construction in egypt which is
   considered a strong indicator of the country ' s economic strength . the
   construction industry forms a significant portion of the egyptian gdp and
   employs millions of labor force and consumes most of the country ' s energy
   and its primary resources . to remain vital , the construction industry is
   demanding better , safer , energy_efficient and more affordable construction
   materials and technology .
DE emissions; system dynamics; labor education; construction technology
ID greenhouse gas emissions; energy-consumption evidence; economic-growth
   nexus; financial development; carbon emissions; renewable energy; building
   stock; sustainability; impact; panel

---

UT 122
AR Li XJ, 2022, SUSTAINABILITY-BASEL, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14031343
TI Study on Evacuation Behavior of Urban Underground Complex in Fire Emergency
   Based on System Dynamics
AU Li XJ; Chen WB; Wang C; Kassem MA
TC 31
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB during a fire evacuation , long lateral evacuation distances , large crowds
   waiting for evacuation at the same level , and easily panicked populations
   are common . this research aimed to look into the large_scale evacuation
   behavior of urban underground complexes with limited evacuation and egress
   during a fire . a simplified model for large_scale group evacuation of urban
   subsurface complexes was constructed using system dynamics theory . the
   vensim software was used for quantitative simulation . the model could
   represent the typical phenomenon of group evacuation behaviors , such as
   quick or slow , under seven operating situations with total initial numbers
   of 350 , 400 , 450 , 500 , 1000 , 2000 , and 4000 . the results of an
   analysis of critical affecting factors show ' ' total initial number ' ' and
   ' ' panic state ' ' during a large_scale group evacuation : a large
   beginning population will result in a rapid reduction in system evacuation
   capability , delaying the completion of the evacuation process significantly
   . meanwhile , if the level of panic is deficient , the system ' s evacuation
   efficiency will remain low for an extended period , making it difficult to
   evacuate trapped persons promptly . according to the findings , the
   developed system dynamics model , which combines the advantages of a
   continuous model with the advantages of a discrete model , is very accurate
   . at the same time , we should emphasize the importance of the evacuation
   guide and reinforce the fire education and behavior drills for the building
   ' s workers . this research presents a simplified model for the evacuation
   of large groups of people from metropolitan underground complexes .
   furthermore , the findings may give theoretical support for the development
   of rules and safety management practices .
DE evacuation behavior; urban underground complex; system dynamics theory;
   emergency evacuation; fire emergency
ID crowd evacuation; signage; model; simulation; optimization; phase

---

UT 123
AR Liu MK, 2025, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V32, P621, DOI
   10.1108/ECAM-03-2023-0304
TI Cost estimation model of prefabricated construction for general contractors
   based on system dynamics
AU Liu MK; Luo M
TC 9
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2025
AB purposethe poor capacity of prefabricated construction cost estimation is
   the essential reason for the low profitability of the general contractor .
   therefore , this study aims to focus on the cost estimation of prefabricated
   construction as the research object . this research aims to enhance the
   accuracy of total project cost estimation for general contractors ,
   ultimately leading to improved profitability . design / methodology /
   approachthis study used vensim ple software to establish a system dynamics
   model . in the modeling process , a systematic research review was used to
   identify cost_influencing factors . abc classification and the analytic
   hierarchy process were used to score and determine the weights of
   influencing factors . findingsthe total cost error obtained by the model is
   less than 2 % compared with the actual value . it can be used to cost
   estimation and analysis . the analysis results indicate that there are 7 key
   factors , among which the prefabrication rate has the most significant
   impact . furthermore , the model can provide the extreme range cost . the
   minimum cost can reduce by 13 % from the value in the case . the factor ' s
   value can compose a cost control strategy for general contractors .
   practical implicationsthe cost of prefabricated buildings can be estimated
   well , and deciding the prefabrication rate is crucial . the cost can be
   declined by correct cost control strategies when bidding and subcontracting
   are in process . the strategies can follow the direction of the model .
   originality / valuea systemic , quantitative and qualitative analysis of
   cost estimation of prefabricated buildings for general contractors has been
   conducted . a mathematical model has been developed and validated to
   facilitate more effective cost_control measures .
DE prefabricated construction; system dynamics; general contractor; cost
   estimation
ID off-site construction; management; barriers; projects; china

---

UT 124
AR Nozari H, 2021, J HYDROINFORM, V23, P211, DOI 10.2166/hydro.2020.294
TI Simulation and optimization of control system operation and surface water
   allocation based on system dynamics modeling
AU Nozari H; Moradi P; Godarzi E
TC 12
SO J HYDROINFORM
PY 2021
AB in the present study , the performance of dez reservoir , its regulatory and
   downstream diversion dams are studied using the system dynamics method ( sd
   ) in the vensim software . in the first step , all the effective parameters
   with their relationship were identified and then the simulation was carried
   out considering the minimum and maximum reservoir volume and downstream
   demand over an eight_year period ( 2006_2013 ) . after model validation ,
   the statistical indices of correlation coefficient ( r_2 ) , root mean
   square error ( rmse ) , and standard error ( se ) for the reservoir volume
   were calculated as 0.99 , 3.1690 , and 0.18 , respectively . the statistical
   indices for the regulatory dam were 0.98 , 7.51 , and 0.13 , respectively .
   these statistical indices were 0.92 , 4.71 , and 0.37 for the diversion dam
   . the achieved results showed that the sd_simulated releases met downstream
   demands and the sd method has high accuracy in simulating the performance of
   the surface tank system . moreover , for a better evaluation of the results
   of the sd model , the eight_year dez dam releases were optimized using the
   particle swarm optimization ( pso ) algorithm , and the required deficiency
   values were evaluated in both sd and pso models . results showed that sd
   provides more appropriate planning in meeting the downstream demands than
   pso .
DE dez diversion dam; optimization; regulatory dam; simulation; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID resources

---

UT 125
AR Wu B, 2019, SUSTAINABILITY-BASEL, V11, DOI 10.3390/su11174794
TI Impact of Open Innovation Communities on Enterprise Innovation Performance:
   A System Dynamics Perspective
AU Wu B; Gong CY
TC 23
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2019
AB open innovation communities ( oics ) can help enterprises make full use of
   external knowledge resources from users , but problems such as low user
   participation and low conversion rate of creative ideas impact the
   efficiency of oics . most studies on this topic employ qualitative or
   empirical methods from a static perspective , but ignore the effect of
   interaction between enterprises and users as well as the cumulative effect
   of time . a discussion on the dynamic evolution process of open innovation
   is lacking . based on a review of the literature on oics , innovation
   performance , and system dynamics , this study proposes a conceptual model
   of innovation performance impact , which comprises the knowledge management
   , governance mechanism , and user behavior subsystems . xiaomi ' s oic in
   china was selected as the research object , and relevant data were collected
   through a web spider . according to the system dynamics modeling method , a
   causal relationship analysis was carried out on the three aforementioned
   interrelated subsystems . then , a stock flow chart with 32 variables was
   constructed to determine the initial values and calculation equations for
   each variable . finally , the model was constructed and verified using
   vensim ple software . the simulation results were as follows . ( 1 ) the
   number of product releases in the xiaomi oic was positively correlated with
   the number of posts , comments , and views . compared with user interaction
   behavior ( i . e . , commenting and viewing ) , the impact of user
   innovation behavior ( i . e . , posting ) on enterprise innovation
   performance ( i . e . , number of patents ) is clearer . specifically ,
   regarding interaction behavior , the impact of the users ' commenting
   behavior on innovation performance ( i . e . , number of product releases )
   was relatively clearer than that of their viewing behavior . ( 2 )
   governance mechanism ( i . e . , r and d investment and management expense )
   , which comprises technical and organizational mechanisms , positively
   affected the innovation performance of enterprises . compared with the
   organizational mechanism ( i . e . , management expense ) , the impact of
   the technical mechanism ( i . e . , r and d investment ) on the innovation
   performance was clearer . ( 3 ) governance mechanism helped to increase the
   number of users in the oic , and , in turn , affected the user innovation
   and interaction behavior . ( 4 ) the technical mechanism positively affected
   knowledge application capability , which , in turn , had a positive impact
   on the innovation performance of enterprises . based on these findings ,
   management strategies are proposed for the establishment and development of
   oics .
DE open innovation community; innovation performance; system dynamics;
   knowledge management; governance mechanism
ID knowledge management; product development; service innovation; user
   communities; capabilities; mechanisms; ideas; prediction; capacity; scenario

---

UT 126
AR Liu SY, 2011, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V28, P245, DOI 10.1002/sres.1064
TI Representing Qualitative Variables and Their Interactions With Fuzzy Logic
   in System Dynamics Modeling
AU Liu SY; Triantis KP; Sarangi S
TC 11
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2011
AB we propose a method for incorporating multiple linguistic or soft variables
   into a system dynamics framework . a simple example is used to illustrate
   the procedures necessary to define linguistic variables using triangular
   membership functions within the vensim simulation environment . we
   illustrate the operations of linguistic variables through a sales and
   service model where two linguistic variables , i . e . customer ' s
   satisfaction with respect to service , and lead time associated with a
   product , impact the conversion of potential customers into customers .
   after having created fuzzy triangular membership functions , we obtain the
   combined effect of the two linguistic variables using the max_min inference
   procedure . for defuzzification we use the notion of the largest of maximum
   to translate the fuzzy representation of the combined effect into a crisp
   value . finally , we provide simulation results pertaining to the
   probability of generating new customers and profits by considering
   pessimistic , optimistic and intermediate fuzzy rules for our model .
   copyright ( c ) 2010 john wiley and sons , ltd .
DE fuzzy logic; systems dynamics; linguistic variables; fuzzy decision rules;
   sales and service model

---

UT 127
AR Wei SK, 2012, EUR J OPER RES, V221, P248, DOI 10.1016/j.ejor.2012.03.014
TI System dynamics simulation model for assessing socio-economic impacts of
   different levels of environmental flow allocation in the Weihe River Basin,
   China
AU Wei SK; Yang H; Song JX; Abbaspour KC; Xu ZX
TC 104
SO EUR J OPER RES
PY 2012
AB this study develops a complex system dynamics model ( sd ) reflecting
   interactions between water resources , environmental flow ( ef ) and
   socio_economy using sd software package ' ' vensim ple ' ' . the proposed
   model is employed to assess socio_economic impacts of different levels of ef
   allocation in the weihe river basin of china . four alternative
   socio_economic growth patterns and four ef allocation schemes are designed
   to simulate those impacts . the results reveal that developed sd model
   performance well in reflecting the dynamic behavior of the system in the
   current study area . in the meanwhile , an optimal growth pattern
   considering both socio_economic growth and ef requirements are also found by
   comparing the different scenario simulation results . ( c ) 2012 elsevier
   b.v . all rights reserved .
DE environmental flow; system dynamics; vensim; socio-economic impact; scenario
   analysis
ID climate-change; water

---

UT 128
AR Nozari H, 2021, WATER PRACT TECHNOL, V16, P196, DOI 10.2166/wpt.2020.109
TI System dynamics simulation of crop yield under different irrigation water
   quality and quantity
AU Nozari H; Azadi S
TC 2
SO WATER PR TECHNOL
PY 2021
AB agricultural products are one of the major sources of food for people in
   many countries . so , increasing crop yield is a major challenge for
   governments as increasing the population . on the other hand , agricultural
   improvement needs to take into consideration the type of land and water
   available . the decrease of water availability and soil salinity are two
   major limiting factors in sustainable agriculture in the arid and semiarid
   regions . in this study , the combined effect of salinity and water stress
   on crop yield was simulated by developing a computer model based on a system
   dynamics approach . model calibration and validation were performed using
   data collected from the abshar irrigation network located on the
   hydrological zayandehrud river . for each individual run of the model , two
   statistics were calculated : root mean square error and standard error . the
   averages of these indices were estimated as 2,777 kg . ha ( _1 ) and 0.07
   for sugar beet yield , 0.026 and 0.09 for soil moisture and finally 0.54 ds
   . m ( _1 ) and 0.08 for salinity of the root zone , respectively . the
   result showed a good agreement between the simulation model and the actual
   data . therefore , the model can be calibrated and used to estimate the crop
   yield with reasonable accuracy .
DE modeling; saline water; sugar beet; system dynamics approach; vensim
   software
ID model

---

UT 129
AR Morcillo JD, 2018, APPL ENERGY, V216, P504, DOI
   10.1016/j.apenergy.2018.02.104
TI Simulation of demand growth scenarios in the Colombian electricity market:
   An integration of system dynamics and dynamic systems
AU Morcillo JD; Franco CJ; Angulo F
TC 44
SO APPL ENERGY
PY 2018
AB modeling and simulation of electricity markets have increasingly involved
   the use of a system dynamics ( sd ) approach . accordingly , the resulting
   dynamic hypothesis and the stock_flow structures are represented and
   simulated using softwares such as stella , powersim , ithink , or vensim .
   however , sd models can be exploited even more , of which the investigation
   of signals in the time domain or the sensitivity analysis is just a small
   part of the study . since sd models are mathematical objects , they deserve
   an analytical or numerical study using tools provided by the dynamic systems
   ( ds ) methodology . therefore , this paper not only studies the dynamic
   hypothesis or the stock_flow structure of an electricity market model in the
   classical form , but also uses its inner mathematical object to provide a
   deeper insight into the system . using matlab / simulink ( r ) , the system
   is evaluated from a different approach not yet reported in the literature .
   the combination of the sd and ds methodologies can open the door to a new
   and alternative method of analysis for electricity market models and even
   for any sd model . in fact , this paper demonstrates that with this
   methodologies combination , more detailed analysis strategies and novel
   insights of the sd models can be developed , which can be easily exploited
   by policy makers to suggest improvements in regulations or market structures
   . moreover , considering that the energy market is evolving , and a series
   of macro and microstructural changes are impacting demand , we consider as
   an example a simplified version of the colombian electricity market to
   report a detailed description of its dynamics under a broad range of growth
   rate of demand ( grd ) scenarios . our study , inspired by the bifurcation
   and control theory of ds , primarily shows that colombia is in dire need of
   a new capacity before 2020 to avoid rationing events expected to occur in
   the upcoming years .
DE electricity markets; system dynamics; dynamic systems; growth rate of demand
ID renewable energy; climate variability; power markets; model; policies;
   solar; generation; diffusion; validity; impact

---

UT 130
AR Li MN, 2018, SIMUL-T SOC MOD SIM, V94, P765, DOI 10.1177/0037549717741349
TI Factors influencing two-way referral between hospitals and the community in
   China: A system dynamics simulation model
AU Li MN/1; Zhang Y; Lu Y; Yu WY; Nong X; Zhang LL
TC 28
SO SIMUL-TRANS SOC MODEL SIMUL INT
PY 2018
AB background : two_way referrals between hospitals and community healthcare
   systems ( chss ) are important for optimizing the distribution of medical
   resources and enabling resource sharing , but referrals are always from chss
   to hospitals . a referral from the hospital to the community is rare in
   china . this has a highly negative impact on the long_term development of
   the chinese health services . the aim of this study was to address influence
   factors in hospital_community referrals . methods : we constructed a system
   dynamics model to address the problem of the two_way referral between
   hospitals and chss and identified potential countermeasures and possible
   solutions . the vensim dss program was used to construct a system dynamics
   model to represent the problem through model description , causal loop
   diagrams , and stock and flow diagrams . results : the model was used to
   perform intervention experiments , in which the influence on all the sectors
   of referrals could be observed by changing the system parameters . the
   experimental results showed a greater difference in medical costs between
   hospitals and chss , more investments to chss , higher levels of medical
   insurance of chss , and more referrals from hospitals to chss . conclusions
   : the system can widen the price gap between hospitals and chss , increase
   information flow , improve medical insurance level of chss , and elevate the
   current level of chss through enabling two_way referral between hospitals
   and chss .
DE information and decision-support-systems; infrastructure planning and
   design; system dynamics; quantitative simulation
ID primary-care; health-care; specialty care; public-health; cost;
   implementation; interventions; completion; management; insurance

---

UT 131
AR Miller GR, 2012, ECOHYDROLOGY, V5, P200, DOI 10.1002/eco.245
TI Understanding ecohydrological connectivity in savannas: a system dynamics
   modelling approach
AU Miller GR; Cable JM; McDonald AK; Bond B; Franz TE; Wang LX; Gou S; Tyler
   AP; Zou CB; Scott RL
TC 34
SO ECOHYDROL
PY 2012
AB ecohydrological connectivity is a system level property that results from
   the linkages in the networks of water transport through ecosystems , by
   which feedbacks and other emergent system behaviors may be generated . we
   created a system dynamics model that represents primary ecohydrological
   networks to examine how connectivity between ecosystem components impacts
   ecosystem processes . here , we focused on the savanna ecosystems , although
   the analyzes may be expanded to other ecosystem types in the future . to
   create the model , a set of differential equations representing
   ecohydrological processes was programmed into the dynamic solver vensim .
   stocks of water storage ( e . g . atmospheric and soil moisture ) were
   linked by flows [ e . g . precipitation and evapotranspiration ( et ) ] that
   were in turn dynamically controlled by the amount of water stored .
   precipitation was forced stochastically , and soil moisture and potential et
   controlled actual et . the model produced extended , probabilistic time
   series of stocks and flows , including precipitation , soil moisture ,
   runoff , transpiration , and groundwater recharge . it was used to describe
   the behavior of several previously studied savanna ecosystems in north
   america and africa . the model successfully reproduced seasonal patterns of
   soil moisture dynamics and et at the california site . it also demonstrated
   more complex , system level behaviors , such as multiyear persistence of
   drought and synergistic or antagonistic responses to disconnection of system
   components . future improvements to the model will focus on capturing other
   important aspects of long_term system behavior , such as changes in
   physiology or phenology , and spatial heterogeneity , such as the patchwork
   nature of savannas . copyright ( c ) 2011 john wiley and sons , ltd .
DE cross-scale interactions; feedbacks; resilience; disturbance; system
   dynamics; soil-moisture dynamics; evapotranspiration
ID woody-plant encroachment; soil-moisture; vegetation patches; water;
   precipitation; ecosystems; landscape; patterns; runoff; scale

---

UT 132
AR Jia SW, 2019, ENERG POLICY, V125, P33, DOI 10.1016/j.enpol.2018.10.012
TI Effect of APCF policy on the haze pollution in China: A system dynamics
   approach
AU Jia SW; Liu XL; Yan GL
TC 37
SO ENERGY POLIC
PY 2019
AB to study the effect of the air pollution charging fee ( apcf ) policy on the
   haze pollution in china , a dynamics management model is constructed with
   the approach of system dynamics and implemented by using the vensim software
   . this model is used to simulate and assess the effect of apcf policy on the
   traffic and the emissions ( particularly carbon monoxide ( co ) ,
   hydrocarbons ( hc ) , nitrogen oxides ( no . ) , and particulate matter ( pm
   ) ) in beijing during the years 2011_2025 in different scenarios . the
   validity and the robustness of the model are verified by a model test and
   validation , and a reasonable range of apcf is determined by using a
   sensitivity analysis . the simulation results showed that the apcf policy
   effectively realized the ' ' win_win ' ' scenario of emission reduction and
   congestion release . in particular , the simulation results also indicated
   some policy effects such as rebound effect ( from low_apcf policy ) ,
   inflection_point effect ( from high_apcf policy ) , and marginal decreasing
   effect ( between moderate and high_apcf policy ) . these results provide
   some valid policy recommendations for energy management and emission
   reduction .
DE vehicle emissions; haze pollution; system dynamics; rebound effects;
   inflection-point effect
ID energy-consumption; co2 emissions; real-time; vehicle emissions; exhaust
   emissions; nox emissions; air-quality; congestion; model; acceptance

---

UT 133
AR Bleda M, 2008, ECOL ECON, V66, P517, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2007.10.021
TI The dynamics of belief in climate change and its risks in business
   organisations
AU Bleda M; Shackley S
TC 32
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2008
AB this paper presents a simulation model of the formation of the belief in
   climate change of a business organization using a systems dynamics approach
   . understanding how businesses form their belief on the issue of climate
   change is of paramount importance given the key role of beliefs and
   cognitive characteristics in the triggering and shaping of organizational
   adaptation processes . the main assumption of the model is that the dynamics
   of belief is driven by the perceived actual and potential changes in
   competitiveness as a consequence of climate impacts rather than by the
   growth of an ecological ' business conscience ' . the model has been built
   using the stella software program , and it is based upon theoretical
   hypotheses drawn from behavioral studies of organizations and evolutionary
   theories of economic change . ( c ) 2007 elsevier b.v . all rights reserved
   .
DE climate-change; dynamics of belief formation; organizations; adaptive
   capacity; simulation modeling
ID model; cognition; inertia

---

UT 134
AR Cavana RY, 2008, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V25, P675, DOI 10.1002/sres.934
TI Integrative System Dynamics: Analysis of Policy Options for Tobacco Control
   in New Zealand
AU Cavana RY; Tobias M
TC 28
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2008
AB tobacco use is a global problem and the health consequences are far reaching
   . systemic approaches are needed to help investigate policies to reduce the
   adverse health effects of tobacco use . this paper provides an overview of
   the system dynamics model that has been developed to assist the ministry of
   health to evaluate the dynamic consequences of tobacco control policies in
   new zealand . the model consists of six sectors : population . smoking
   prevalences . tobacco consumption . second hand smoke . relative risks and
   tobacco attributable deaths . the model is simulated for 20_30 years into
   the future . the simulation package used is ' ithink ' , and a user
   interface is presented for policy analysis . a range of illustrative
   scenarios are provided , including : business as usual . fiscal strategies
   involving less affordable cigarettes . harm minimization strategies
   involving either less addictive cigarettes or less toxic cigarettes and
   combinations of the above policies . the main output variables ( performance
   measures ) include current smoking prevalence , tobacco consumption and
   tobacco attributable mortality . finally some areas for future model
   enhancement are identified . copyright ( c ) 2009 john wiley and sons , ltd
   .
DE system dynamics; dynamic simulation; tobacco policy model; tobacco control
   policies; scenario analysis
ID smoking; health; simulation; cigarettes; impacts; model

---

UT 135
AR Selivanova A, 2025, RELIAB ENG SYST SAF, V260, DOI
   10.1016/j.ress.2025.111031
TI Creation of a System Dynamics model of recovery of affected areas after
   radioactive contamination
AU Selivanova A; Krejci I; Sedlárová-Nehézová T; Hulka J; Cespírová I; Kuca P
TC 3
SO RELIAB ENG SYST SAF
PY 2025
AB the presented work focuses on current state_of_the_art in mathematical
   modeling , specifically addressing atmospheric dispersion , radiation
   transport , and related issues . central to this research is the development
   of a mathematical model designed to support recovery processes following
   extensive contamination by radionuclides . the model of recovery employs the
   system dynamics methodology , recognized for its suitability in addressing
   complex problems characterized by non_linear behaviors , e . g . ,
   radioactive decay . the model is developed utilizing vensim software .
   consequently , the recovery model integrates dosimetry estimates with
   economic analyzes . it forecasts contamination impacts on a variety of
   objects including buildings , agricultural lands , forests , and
   transportation infrastructure . to compile the necessary input data for the
   model , simulations were conducted using specialized codes , i . e . ,
   jrodos and mcnp . furthermore , empirical data concerning the czech
   demographic profile , basic characteristics of buildings , and land_use data
   were employed . subsequent to these preparatory steps , the model underwent
   a comprehensive cost_benefit analysis of relevant countermeasures , adapted
   to the actual conditions in czechia . considering very low atmospheric
   releases , no substantial decontamination actions would be required . for
   severe accidents , the results of simulated decontamination corresponded to
   real_case data obtained from the fukushima clean_up . the obtained results
   can be used for decisionmaking by stakeholders and policymakers .
DE system dynamics; contamination; simulation; accident; radiation; decision-
   making; recovery; decontamination
ID nuclear; term

---

UT 136
AR Chen W, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13020133
TI Passenger Flow Simulation of Airport Terminal Subway Station Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Chen W; Ai Y
TC 2
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB grasping the effective carrying capacity of airport hub subway stations in
   real_time serves as the foundation for enhancing the safety assurance
   capability of the hub . starting from the perspectives of multiple
   subsystems , including people , stations , and trains , and combining
   passenger flow , system structure , and multiple attributes of trains , a
   system dynamics ( sd ) model for passenger travel in airport hub subway
   stations is established . the model is simulated using vensim ple 5.9d to
   analyze the effective carrying capacity of the transfer system under the
   existing configuration and layout of transfer facilities and equipment in
   the hub . the model features a modular architecture and interface , enabling
   quick and easy model establishment , and adapts to various configurations
   and operational characteristics of airport hub subway stations in a
   user_friendly manner . multiple sensitivity simulation analysis experiments
   are designed to analyze changes in passenger flow density from multiple
   perspectives . this method can calculate the effective carrying capacity of
   airport hub subway stations , providing a scientific basis for planning ,
   construction , and operational management . the effectiveness of the model
   is verified by analyzing the pudong international airport terminal subway
   station .
DE system dynamics; effective carrying-capacity; passenger flow; airport
   terminal; subway station; sensitivity analysis
ID link transmission model; design

---

UT 137
AR Sokame BM/1, 2025, INT J TROP INSECT SCI, DOI 10.1007/s42690-025-01666-6
TI System dynamics modelling of temperature effects on stemborer phenology in
   Kenyan maize ecosystems
AU Sokame BM/1; Tonnang HEZ; Abdel-Rahman E; Villena OC
TC 0
SO INT J TROP INSECT SCI
PY 2025
AB this research investigates how temperature impacts insect pest phenology and
   population dynamics , focusing on maize stemborers , busseola fusca and
   chilo partellus , across kenya ' s agroecological zones . utilizing system
   thinking archetypes and system dynamics modeling with vensim plp 9.0
   software , it explores the interactions between insect life stages ,
   temperature , and host plant availability . the study revealed that b .
   fusca is more suited to highland regions while c . partellus prefers lowland
   areas . notably , the larval stage , responsible for significant crop damage
   , constituted 32 to 42 % of the population within the agroecosystem ,
   underscoring its pivotal role in pest population dynamics . the model
   captures the cyclical nature of these populations , emphasizing the
   importance of region_specific pest management strategies to address the
   varying dynamics in different zones . the findings advocate for the
   development of tailored pest management approaches that may also serve as
   early warning systems , enabling proactive pest control . this approach
   could help minimize the reliance on chemical pesticides , promoting
   sustainable agricultural practices and enhancing food security . the
   research highlights the necessity of understanding regional pest behaviors
   and offers comprehensive strategies for managing pests in the context of
   climate change , thus contributing to sustainable agricultural development
   and ecological preservation .
DE system thinking; system dynamics modeling; holometabolous insect; maize
   stemborers; phenology; population dynamics
ID busseola-fusca fuller; stem borers; population dynamics; stalk borer;
   climate; lepidoptera; insects; impacts; simulation; ecology

---

UT 138
AR Rasekh A, 2025, BIOFUELS-UK, DOI 10.1080/17597269.2025.2547550
TI Water-energy nexus approach for assessment of biodiesel production from
   Jatropha via system dynamics modeling
AU Rasekh A; Ghomi SMTF
TC 1
SO BIOFUELS-UK
PY 2025
AB this study examines the challenge of balancing water and energy resources in
   jatropha_based biodiesel production in arid regions . although the
   water_energy nexus ( we ) has been widely studied , its specific dynamics in
   jatropha_based biodiesel production in water_stressed areas are less
   understood . to address this issue , an innovative system dynamics ( sd )
   approach was designed using vensim software , leading to the creation of an
   integrated sd_we nexus model . this model utilizes causal loops and flow
   diagrams to simulate interactions among the water , energy , and biodiesel
   subsystems . scenario analysis indicates that conventional biodiesel
   production could reduce water resources by 32 to 63 % and consume up to 14
   billion cubic meters of water . however , the bioshare scenario , which
   optimizes bioenergy production , reduces water consumption and maintains
   groundwater sustainability . the model has been validated through
   sensitivity analysis and data comparison , highlighting the urgent need for
   reforms in water management within iran ' s energy sector . the sd_we
   framework serves as a versatile tool for scenario testing , ensuring that
   biodiesel development aligns with water and energy security for sustainable
   policymaking .
DE biodiesel; water-energy nexus; system dynamics; renewable energy; biomass;
   causal loop
ID resources management; supply chain; footprint; bioenergy; sustainability;
   policy

---

UT 139
AR Tomaskova H, 2019, PROCESS, V7, DOI 10.3390/pr7090582
TI Process Cost Management of Alzheimer's Disease
AU Tomaskova H; Kopecky M; Maresova P
TC 8
SO PROCESS
PY 2019
AB a summary : determining the cost of healthcare and social care for patients
   is a crucial issue for many parties . therefore , both public and private
   payments play a decisive role in patient care . the article deals with the
   analysis of the possibilities of the simulation of costs related to
   alzheimer ' s disease . this disease is highly variable , and the cost items
   vary considerably . therefore , it is necessary to use simulation methods .
   the results of simulation models can then be implemented in sophisticated
   methods working with activity costs . findings : models for health and
   social care are specific . no significant re_engineering is expected in this
   area , so the models must be unambiguous and easy to understand for all
   representatives involved . modeling of business processes is thus a suitable
   means for analysis in this area . the process cost calculation is built on
   two simulation models . the first model is the business process model and
   notation ( bpmn ) , the results of which are verified in the system dynamics
   model created in the stock and flow diagram . the simulations results give
   us appropriate values for calculating the total activity_based costs of ad .
   applications : the practical part of this article deals with the
   identification of costs related to alzheimer ' s disease and their
   allocation concerning remedies . based on this information , models for
   alzheimer ' s disease process cost management are developed . results : the
   bpmn simulation was performed for 100 passes through a fixed_length phase
   process . the duration of each phase was set at 48 , 108 , and 40 months .
   five simulations were set up , each mini_mental state examination ( mmse )
   score set , which affected the passage through the process . software stella
   professional was used for simulations for constant mmse score values for the
   home and facility options . the values are as follows : mmse 5 = 1331.26 (
   sic ) ( 1627.72 ( sic ) ) . mmse 15 = 1202.72 ( sic ) ( 1102.02 ( sic ) ) .
   mmse 25 = 1051.24 ( sic ) ( 848.91 ( sic ) ) . conclusions : both ad models
   created in this article produce comparable results , although each of them
   works on a different principle . the results are based on the selection of
   original data , and at the same time , these models point to the processes
   and subprocesses that lead to the costs . the description , specifications ,
   and possible values of partial costs are crucial knowledge for persons in
   the management functions of public administration and self_government in the
   area of finance and management not in the field of specific diseases .
DE alzheimer disease; process cost management; bpmn; system dynamics;
   simulation
ID population balance model; economic-evaluation; global prevalence; dementia;
   care; donepezil; burden; impact

---

UT 140
AR Monjezi S, 2021, WATER RESOUR, V48, P1013, DOI 10.1134/S009780782106018X
TI Simulation of Salinity Distribution of Anbar Salt Dome in Gotvand Reservoir
   in Iran, Using System Dynamics and Proposes a Strategy to Reduce Salinity
AU Monjezi S; Najarchi M; Mo'meni M; Monjezi N; Hassuninezade H
TC 0
SO WATER RESOUR
PY 2021
AB to water quality management of the gotvand reservoir , this paper attempts
   to determine to what extent the negative impacts of anbar salt domes
   dissolution can be reduced considering releasing water from different levels
   of the dam reservoir . in this respect , the required field data at gotvand
   reservoir site were collected and hydrodynamic simulation of the reservoir
   as well as salt karst dissolution process were performed from august , 2011
   to march , 2017 by system dynamics method and using the vensim software .
   the sd model analysis results showed that the amount of salt stored was
   about 69 million tons and salt dissolution coefficient value during the
   simulation period varies between 98 and 339.5 kg / s . this variation for
   the salt karst corrosion is 4.7_7.4 cm / day . also , by dewatering from
   levels above the level of lower gates ( 149.5 m on average ) can decline the
   salinity of the released water by 85.3 % . moreover , the most important
   factor in salt karst dissolution was the water surface elevation in the
   reservoir . therefore , it can be concluded that by controlling the amount
   of water flowing into the gotvand dam ' s reservoir via controlling the
   amount of water flowing out of the dez dam , situated on the upstream of the
   gotvand dam , and by controlling the amount of water flowing out of the
   gotvand dam ' s reservoir , and to put it differently , by implementing the
   optimum rule curves for the gotvand dam and the dez dam , the salinity of
   the water flowing out of the gotvand dam ' s reservoir can be largely
   reduced .
DE gotvand dam; salinity distribution; system dynamics; vensim
ID resources; operation

---

UT 141
AR Güz S, 2025, J HYDROL-REG STUD, V62, DOI 10.1016/j.ejrh.2025.103013
TI Dynamic coupling of hydrogeology and human decision-making for sustainable
   groundwater management in Konya Closed Basin, Türkiye
AU Güz S; Uygur ZZ; Copty NK; Saysel AK
TC 0
SO J HYDROL-REG STUD
PY 2025
AB study region : the konya closed basin , a 50,000 km2 semi_arid agricultural
   region in central t and uuml . rkiye , with severe groundwater depletion due
   to intensive irrigation and uncontrolled well drilling . study focus : we
   developed and applied a coupled socio_hydrological model that integrates a
   process_based groundwater flow model ( modflow_uzf ) with a system dynamics
   model ( vensim ) to simulate both hydrogeological processes and human
   decision_making . a python_based coupling framework enables the
   bidirectional exchange of variables across different spatial and temporal
   resolutions . the coupled model , calibrated using historical groundwater
   level data from long_term observation wells , is used to test the impacts of
   various policy configurations , including crop pricing , extraction caps and
   surface water transfers . new hydrological insights for the region : the
   coupled model captures both seasonal variability and long_term depletion
   trends more accurately than stand_alone models . we demonstrate that spatial
   and temporal disaggregation of policy measures can significantly enhance
   groundwater resource management . by incorporating feedback between aquifer
   conditions and farmer decisions , the model demonstrates how socio_economic
   and hydrological drivers jointly shape groundwater dynamics . through this
   coupling , we emphasize the advantages of harnessing the respective
   strengths of each modeling approach to overcome the limitations of the other
   . these insights highlight the value of integrated modeling for sustainable
   groundwater governance in datascarce , densely_irrigated regions .
DE groundwater management; hydrogeology; model coupling; process-based
   modeling; socio-hydrology; system dynamics modeling
ID system dynamics; water scarcity; model

---

UT 142
AR Wu AZ, 2014, CHINESE GEOGR SCI, V24, P706, DOI 10.1007/s11769-014-0664-7
TI Effects of industrial relocation on Chinese regional economic growth
   disparities: Based on system dynamics modeling
TC 20
SO CHIN GEOGR SCI
PY 2014
AB the economic growth of china has led to increasing growth disparities
   between regions . such disparities are uncontrolled and are severely
   negative symptoms in the process of economic development . on the basis of
   system dynamics ( sd ) modeling and the relationship between industrial
   relocation and regional economic growth , we construct a model of the
   interrelationship between the two aforementioned phenomena . the model is an
   effective and creative exploration for examining effects of industrial
   relocation on chinese regional economic growth disparities . the sd model is
   employed in this study to build an inter_regional labor migration sd model ,
   an inter_regional capital migration sd model , an intra_industry sd model ,
   an intra_regional population sd model , and an intra_regional sd model which
   are based on realities in labor and capital flow from the view of industrial
   relocation . vensim software is utilized to perform a system simulation
   based on the data of the eastern , middle , and western regions from 2000 to
   2010 . results show that industrial relocation gradually narrows the
   relative disparity in gdp among the three regions . moreover , the absolute
   one is enlarged continuously . the absolute and relative disparities in per
   capita gdp among eastern , middle , and western regions generally exhibit
   decreasing trends .
DE industrial relocation; economic-growth disparity; system dynamics ( sd )
   modeling; china
ID cities

---

UT 143
AR Zhu W, 2024, HELIYON, V10, DOI 10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e33959
TI Research on the evolution mechanism of intelligent manufacturing
   transformation of Chinese pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises based on
   system dynamics
AU Zhu W; Ouyang P; Kong MN
TC 5
SO HELIYON
PY 2024
AB under the impetus of the new industrial revolution , how to realize
   intelligent manufacturing transformation of traditional pharmaceutical
   manufacturing enterprises has realistic urgency . the study starts from the
   perspective of complex adaptive system , constructs a system dynamics model
   of the evolution mechanism of intelligent manufacturing transformation of
   pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises based on technological adaptation
   and evolutionary adaptation , and analyzes it by simulation using vensim ple
   software . the results of the study show that pharmaceutical manufacturing
   enterprises utilize technological affordances to provide support to realize
   network product_based manufacturing capability and smart product_based
   manufacturing capability through technological innovation capability and
   institutional optimization capability . the technological affordances
   environment promotes the realization of intelligent manufacturing
   transformation of pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises to present a
   stage transformation law . the study enriches and extends the research
   paradigm of intelligent manufacturing transformation , and provides a
   reference for pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises to realize
   intelligent manufacturing transformation .
DE pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises; intelligent manufacturing
   transformation; technology affordances; system dynamics
ID product life-cycle; big data; artificial-intelligence; industry 40;
   challenges; management; framework; information; innovation; internet

---

UT 144
AR Xie LL, 2025, IEEE TRANS ENG MANAG, V72, P3109, DOI 10.1109/TEM.2025.3589770
TI Investigating the Driving Mechanism of Megaproject Social Responsibility
   Behavior: A System Dynamics Approach
AU Xie LL; Luo YF/2; Ju TH; Li DH; Zhao XB; Chen YJ
TC 1
SO IEEE TRANS ENG MANAG
PY 2025
AB although megaproject social responsibility ( msr ) behavior has gained
   increasing attention from both academia and industry , it is still unclear
   how msr behavior evolves over time . utilizing system dynamics ( sd ) method
   , this study aims to investigate the driving mechanism behind msr behavior
   from the perspective of a system evolution cycle . first , drawing on the
   motivation_opportunity_ability framework , the drivers of msr behavior were
   inductively summarized through literature review and semi_structured
   interviews . second , a causal loop diagram was employed to analyze the
   relationships between the drivers , leading to the development of a
   quantitative model . the valid empirical data from 162 respondents was
   collected to initialize parameters . finally , system simulation was
   conducted using vensim ple . the findings reveals that the model effectively
   portrays the evolution of msr behavior . the level of msr behavior exhibits
   an overall growing trend , with the growth rate following an inverted
   you_shaped pattern over time . the simulation analysis underscores the
   pivotal roles of social responsibility culture , regulatory pressure and
   resource support . this study contributes to the body of the knowledge on
   megaproject management by offering a dynamic perspective on msr behavior .
   the established sd model can be served as a practical tool and helps
   practitioners develop effective strategies for msr governance .
DE driving mechanism; megaproject social respon-sibility ( msr ) behavior;
   simulation; system dynamics ( sd ); system dynamics ( sd ); system dynamics
   ( sd )
ID opportunity; motivation; framework; employees; ability; power

---

UT 145
AR Han S, 2019, SUSTAINABILITY-BASEL, V11, DOI 10.3390/su11184901
TI Projections and Recommendations for Energy Structure and Industrial
   Structure Development in China through 2030: A System Dynamics Model
AU Han S; Lin CQ; Zhang BS; Farnoosh A
TC 6
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2019
AB in this research , we established a system dynamics model named ' ' e and
   i_sd ' ' to study the development of the energy structure and industrial
   structure in china from 2000 to 2030 using vensim simulation software based
   on energy economy theory , system science theory and coordinated development
   theory . we used direct structure test , structure_oriented behavior test ,
   and behavior pattern test to ensure the optimal operation of the system .
   the model ' s results showed that the indicators of total energy consumption
   , total added value of gdp after regulation , energy consumption per capita
   , and gdp per capita were on the rise in china , but emissions per unit of
   energy showed a downward trend . separately , the model predicted average
   annual growth rates in china through 2030 . based on these findings , we
   proposed important policies for china ' s sustainable development . firstly
   , short_and long_term policy measures should be implemented to replace
   fossil fuels with clean energy . secondly , the utilization efficiency of
   raw coal should be appraised future . the planning should provide for steady
   development and improvement of the primary , secondary , and tertiary
   sectors . thirdly , the mid_and long_term plans for development and
   management of various industrial sectors and the corresponding energy
   consumption should be based on technological trends . finally , a
   market_oriented pricing mechanism for energy should be established in china
   as soon as possible .
DE energy structure; industrial structure; coordinated development; system
   dynamics
ID economic-growth; co2 emission; primary fuel; consumption; environment;
   countries; causality; india; gdp; efficiency

---

UT 146
AR Hidayat T, 2022, ECON, V10, DOI 10.3390/economies10010006
TI Early Warning Early Action for the Banking Solvency Risk in the COVID-19
   Pandemic Era: A Case Study of Indonesia
AU Hidayat T; Masyita D; Nidar SR; Ahmad F; Syarif MAN
TC 4
SO ECON
PY 2022
AB the covid_19 pandemic has affected people ' s lives and increased the
   banking solvency risk . this research aimed to build an early warning and
   early action simulation model to mitigate the solvency risk using the system
   dynamics methodology and the powersim studio 10 ( c ) software . the
   addition of an early action simulation updates the existing early warning
   model . through this model , the effect of policy design and options on
   potential solvency risks is known before implementation . the trials
   conducted at bank bri ( bbri ) and bank mandiri ( bmri ) showed that the
   model had the ability to provide an early warning of the potential increase
   in bank solvency risk when the loan restructuring policy is revoked . it
   also simulates the effectiveness of management ' s policy options to
   mitigate these risks . this research used publicly accessible banking data
   and analysis . bank management could also take advantage of this model
   through a self_stimulation facility developed in this study to accommodate
   their needs using the internal data .
DE banking sector; covid-19 outbreak; corporate insolvency; simulation; loan
   restructuring policy; system dynamics; early warning early action
ID commercial-banks; system dynamics; behavior

---

UT 147
AR Hu GZ, 2023, SUSTAINABILITY-BASEL, V15, DOI 10.3390/su15129219
TI Research on Data-Driven Dynamic Decision-Making Mechanism of Mega
   Infrastructure Project Construction
AU Hu GZ; Liu YM; Liu K; Yang XX
TC 8
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB the construction of mega infrastructure projects has the characteristics of
   repeatability , long duration , and high complexity . therefore , it is
   particularly important to implement dynamic decision_making in projects .
   this study takes data_driven decision_making mechanisms as the entry point
   and constructs a dynamic decision_making system for mega infrastructure
   projects consisting of an information collection subsystem , an information
   processing and transformation subsystem , a human_computer collaborative
   decision_making subsystem and an evaluation and feedback subsystem . on this
   basis , we established a system dynamics model of dynamic decision_making
   for mega infrastructure projects . vensim ple 9.3.5 software was used to
   simulate and analyze the operation law of dynamic decision_making for mega
   infrastructure projects from a data_driven perspective , and the sensitivity
   of the application rate of information management technology , the
   application rate of data analysis methods , the participation rate of
   experts in decision_making , the historical case information on this project
   , and the information on similar projects on the effectiveness of program
   implementation were simulated and analyzed . the results of the study showed
   that all five key influencing factors have a positive impact on the
   effectiveness of program implementation . in addition , the application rate
   of information management technology and the application rate of information
   analysis methods have a higher sensitivity to the effectiveness of program
   implementation , the participation rate of experts in decision_making and
   historical case information on this project have average sensitivity to the
   effectiveness of program implementation , and information on similar
   projects has lower sensitivity to the effectiveness of program
   implementation . this study provides some ideas and suggestions to promote
   the effective use of information technology and digital technology by each
   participant in the construction of mega infrastructure projects while
   improving their dynamic decision_making efficiency , scientificity , and
   accuracy .
DE mega infrastructure projects; data-driven; dynamic decision-making; system
   dynamics
ID system dynamics; management; model; information; view

---

UT 148
AR Ramachandra C, 2018, ADV CIV ENG MATER, V7, P243, DOI 10.1520/ACEM20170057
TI Application of System Dynamics to Integrate Pavement Preservation in
   Flexible Pavement Design Process
AU Ramachandra C; Ramachandran S; Veeraragavan A
TC 3
SO ADV CIV ENG MATER
PY 2018
AB the performance of a pavement depends on factors like the characteristics of
   the materials in different pavement layers , traffic , climates ,
   environments , construction quality , etc . though a pavement is designed
   for 15 years , conventionally , the pavement reaches the threshold level of
   performance before the design life , warranting minor and major
   rehabilitation treatments because of factors beyond the control of the
   designer . however , the maintenance and rehabilitation treatments during
   the design life of a pavement are not considered in the design process . the
   performance of a pavement is defined in terms of the various distresses , i
   . e . , cracking , rutting , roughness , potholes , etc . the performance of
   the pavement also depends on the strength properties of different pavement
   layers and their thicknesses , quality of construction , traffic , climate ,
   etc . the level of influence of these parameters on each of the distresses
   is different . in this study , the mechanistic empirical pavement design
   guideline design tool aashtoware is used to simulate the data for cracking (
   percentage of bottom up fatigue cracking ) , rutting ( total rutting ) , and
   roughness in terms of the international roughness index . a sensitivity
   analysis is carried out to study the influence of the design parameters on
   the distresses . from the results of aashtoware simulations , a relationship
   is established between design input parameters and distress growth using
   multiple linear regression . while this model gives the estimate of distress
   over time with respect to the design parameters , the year at which the
   first preservation activity has to be carried out is to be determined .
   considering the pavement as a system , the system dynamics concept could be
   well suited to study the influence of various factors on the performance of
   the pavement . a system dynamic model is formulated and implemented using
   system dynamic software powersim . this study identifies the optimal
   intervention year for the pavement preservation strategies that depend on
   traffic level , design layer thicknesses , and modulus ( strength ) of the
   pavement layers .
DE design; performance; aashtoware; sensitivity analysis; deterioration models;
   system dynamics

---

UT 149
AR Shi YQ, 2022, BMC HEALTH SERV RES, V22, DOI 10.1186/s12913-022-08835-0
TI Simulation of performance evaluation model for medical-elderly care
   integrated institutions based on system dynamics
AU Shi YQ; Fan FF; Zhang ZY
TC 8
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2022
AB background based on the chinese model of medical_elderly care integration ,
   this paper aims to explore the impact of different investment levels on the
   performance of the medical_elderly care integrated institutions . methods
   using the method of system dynamics , this paper establishes the performance
   evaluation model of medical_elderly care integrated institutions , sets the
   system element input , service level , and policy support as the key factors
   , and uses vensim ple software for simulation . results the three key
   factors have different degrees of positive impact on the performance of
   medical_elderly care integrated institutions . on the whole , policy support
   has the most significant impact on the performance of institutions ,
   followed by the level of medical_elderly care integrated services .
   institutional input mainly has a great impact on the performance of
   institutions in the early stage . in addition , the model simulation results
   also show the emergence effect : the improvement rate of institutional
   performance under the comprehensive simulation is higher than the sum of the
   improvement rates under the separate action of single factor . conclusion
   government policies have played an important role in promoting the
   development of medical_elderly care integrated institutions . the service
   level and resource input can effectively promote the performance of
   medical_elderly care integrated institutions . institutions should formulate
   development strategies from a systematic perspective , and pay attention to
   the integration of ' ' medical ' ' and ' ' elderly care ' ' resources .
DE medical-care integration models; performance evaluation; system dynamics;
   sensitivity analysis
ID management

---

UT 150
AR Sattari MT, 2020, J TEKIRDAG AGRIC FAC, V17, P406, DOI 10.33462/jotaf.703167
TI Investigating the Effect of Managing Scenarios of Flow Reduction and
   Increasing Irrigation Water Demand on Water Resources Allocation Using
   System Dynamics (Case Study: Zonouz Dam, Iran)
AU Sattari MT; Mirabbasi R; Dolati H; Sureh FS; Ahmad S/1
TC 9
SO J TEKIRDAG AGRIC FAC
PY 2020
AB meeting the healthy nutrition needs of the increasing population in the arid
   and semi_arid climates of the different regions of the world such as iran
   has become very important for the agriculture ministry and water resources
   managers . in this study , the system dynamics approach was used in the
   vensim software environment to allocate the water of the zonouz dam
   reservoir for irrigation purposes in the northwest of iran . for this
   purpose , the existing surface water resources in the basin and the amounts
   of agricultural water and environmental water demands were determined and a
   water allocation plan was developed . in the first stage of the study , it
   was found that if the existing water resources and demands will not change ,
   the amount of water stored in the reservoir will provide approximately 91 %
   of irrigation water demands and approximately 99 % of environmental water
   needs . the model created in the study was found to be sensitive to
   reservoir inputs and irrigation water demands . within the scope of this
   study , the impact of two different scenarios that may occur as a result of
   climate change and irrigation management in the operation of the reservoir
   was evaluated . the decrease in the amount of water entering the reservoir
   in the first scenario and the increase in irrigation water needs in the
   second scenario are assumed within the next 10 years . according to the
   simulation results of the first scenario , irrigation water demands will not
   be met sufficiently with the decrease in the amount of water to be stored in
   the reservoir due to the decrease in the amount of water entering the
   reservoir in the next 10 years . according to the results of the second
   scenario , in the next 10 years due to possible climate change or if the
   cultivated area increases due to some new agricultural policies . the amount
   of water stored in the reservoir will not meet the irrigation demands and
   there will be water shortage in the system . in this case , it is necessary
   to make changes in irrigation water management and use new irrigation
   systems to save water . based on the findings of the study , it has been
   observed that the impact of all types of irrigation water policies can be
   successfully evaluated within the scope of the system dynamics approach .
DE water resources allocation; system dynamics; vensim; zonouz dam; iran
ID agricultural-development; river-basin; management; model; simulation;
   sustainability; policy; rules

---

UT 151
AR Zhao P, 2022, TUNN UNDERGR SP TECHNOL, V119, DOI 10.1016/j.tust.2021.104213
TI System dynamics: A new approach for the evaluation of urban underground
   resource integrated development
AU Zhao P; Li XZ; Zhang W; Xiong ZY; Xu WT; Dai JL; Deng LC
TC 11
SO TUNN UNDERGR SP TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB the current scale and intensity of urban underground resources ( uur ) are
   greater than ever , and the integrated development of uur is of considerable
   significance for urban sustainable development . however , insights on the
   characteristics of uur interactions are limited , and thus a quantitative
   evaluation method is lacking . in this study , we determined uur
   interactions to have the following characteristics : spatiotemporal dynamics
   . multiple influencing factors . chain reactions and synergetic and
   conflicting coexistence . based on these characteristics , the system
   dynamics ( sd ) method was presented as a new approach to evaluate uur
   interactions . compared with existing methods , sd is not only highly
   consistent with the interaction characteristics of uur , but can also
   quantitatively analyze uur . furthermore , by taking the integrated
   development of geomaterial and urban underground space as a case study , the
   integrated development impacts were quantitatively evaluated via an
   integrated two_stage dynamic sd model through vensim ( r ) . the simulation
   results demonstrate that the gm production of the newly built beijing subway
   ( 991 km , 531 stations ) during 2018_2023 can be reduced from 2.07 x 10 ( 7
   ) m ( 3 ) to 1.33 x 10 ( 7 ) m ( 3 ) by integrated development . moreover ,
   the integrated development achieved favorable environmental impacts ,
   including reductions in the energy consumption from 4.07 x 10 ( 7 ) kgce to
   2.62 x 10 ( 7 ) kgce . greenhouse gas emissions from 3.59 x 10 ( 7 ) kg to
   2.31 x 10 ( 7 ) kg . and landfill space occupation from 9.24 x 10 ( 6 ) m (
   3 ) to 5.95 x 10 ( 6 ) m ( 3 ) . this study provides an sd tool for planners
   interested in the integrated development of uur and acts as a reference for
   the assessment of the integrated development impacts .
DE urban underground resources; integrated development; system dynamics;
   environmental impacts
ID demolition waste management; environmental performance; sustainable
   development; reduction management; geosystem services; construction; model;
   simulation; shenzhen; design

---

UT 152
AR Baqeri E, 2025, RESULTS ENG, V26, DOI 10.1016/j.rineng.2025.105111
TI An hourly energy management strategy based on the development of a system
   dynamics model for microgrid systems
AU Baqeri E; Tahsiri A; Amraee T
TC 5
SO RESULTS ENG
PY 2025
AB this study develops a system dynamics based ( sd_based ) energy management
   strategy for microgrids to achieve precise hourly power balance by
   coordinating renewable resources , diesel generators , and battery storage .
   addressing the volatility of renewable generation , the model exploits
   real_time adjustments in power generation and storage to match dynamic
   demand levels . simulations were run on three cases , including a practical
   case using data from an iranian microgrid , to study the cost_effectiveness
   and flexibility of the proposed strategy . the results demonstrate the
   capability of the model in following complicated power changes with
   sustained energy balance at reduced operating costs . for case iii , under
   fast changes in demand , the strategy reached a total cost of 233.33 m . you
   ( monetary unit ) . the use of a penalty_weighted strategy had the effect of
   reducing peak_hour error costs by 30 % , reflecting good cost management
   even during increased variability . utilizing the vensim software , the s .
   d . model responds by shifting to diesel generation in periods of shortage
   and harvesting renewable energy in surplus periods , reflecting an optimal
   system of real_time control . additionally , the simulations also indicate
   that greater energy change magnitudes , especially abrupt changes , increase
   overall costs , which justifies the application of strategic control for
   high_variability scenarios . in conclusion , this sd_based method offers a
   lowcost , dependable microgrid energy management solution that maximizes the
   utilization of renewables with a continuous energy supply . the success in
   handling various demand profiles indicates the potential for scalability in
   other microgrid setups , thereby enhancing sustainable and resilient
   decentralized energy systems via flexible , data_driven control strategies .
DE system dynamics; microgrid; energy management strategy; tracking reference
ID trends

---

UT 153
AR Chumaidiyah E, 2025, SAGE OPEN, V15, DOI 10.1177/21582440251336516
TI Digital Marketing Intervention on Dynamic Finance and Feasibility Using
   Simulation: A Case Study
AU Chumaidiyah E; Madao M; Fauzi PM
TC 0
SO SAGE OPEN
PY 2025
AB this paper aims to design a model that assesses the impact of digital
   marketing interventions on the finance and feasibility of micro , small ,
   and medium enterprises ( smes ) . the model developed in this study
   evaluates the most effective digital marketing alternatives to boost sales
   in line with the production capacity of the smes . the research methodology
   employs a system dynamic modeling approach to accurately represent the real
   system of sme x . the designed model comprises three subsystems : marketing
   , production , and finance , which are essential for assessing the
   feasibility of smes . each subsystem includes interconnected variable
   elements linked through equations . simulation processes are conducted using
   the system dynamics approach with 77 variables , three scenarios , and 16
   alternatives , utilizing the vensim application . the results suggest that
   digital marketing interventions effectively increase profits for small and
   micro_scale smes under conditions of high sales volume . however , when
   sales volumes are relatively low , conventional marketing proves more
   effective in enhancing profits . effective digital marketing interventions
   significantly impact both profits and financial stability . the model ' s
   originality lies in its ability to predict future conditions resulting from
   digital marketing interventions on profits and dynamic finance . the
   research ' s novelty lies in generating new knowledge about effective
   digital marketing strategies .
DE digital marketing; intervention; finance; feasibility; system dynamics
ID system dynamics; performance-measurement; capabilities; model; strategies;
   innovation; evolution; education; thinking; quality

---

UT 154
AR Liu K, 2024, J ASIAN ARCH BUILD ENG, V23, P712, DOI
   10.1080/13467581.2023.2223696
TI Efficiency of risk management for tunnel security of megaprojects
   construction in China based on system dynamics
AU Liu K; Liu YM; Kou YY; Yang XX; Hu GZ
TC 6
SO J ASIAN ARCH BUILD ENG
PY 2024
AB there have been repeated security incidents in megaproject tunnels ,
   construction security issues are particularly serious , and the management
   of security risks is receiving increasing attention . this study was
   conducted to improve the efficiency of tunnel security risk management , the
   security risk management process was adopted as an entry point , based on
   the observe_orient_decision_action ( ooda ) model , the influencing factors
   index system for the efficiency of security risk management in megaproject
   tunnels from four dimensions : observe , orient , decision and action . the
   ahp_ewm method is applied to assign index weights to model the system
   dynamics of security risk management efficiency . the vensim software was
   used to simulate and analyze the effect of different indices on the
   efficiency of security risk management under different conditions , which
   provides a reference for improving the efficiency of security risk
   management . the results of the study show that building a comprehensive and
   uninterrupted risk information awareness network , real_time adaptation of
   risk control strategies based on the complexity of risks , and shortening
   risk management delays can effectively increase the efficiency of dynamic
   security risk management . this provides a theoretical and practical
   reference for effectively improving the efficiency of risk management for
   tunnel security in megaproject construction .
DE management efficiency; tunnel security risk; megaprojects; system dynamics;
   ahp-ewm
ID safety; project; identification

---

UT 155
AR Yang HT, 2024, BIOMASS CONVERS BIOREFINERY, V14, P9571, DOI
   10.1007/s13399-022-02897-0
TI Forecasting and controlling of municipal solid waste (MSW) in the Kaohsiung
   City, Taiwan, by using system dynamics modeling
AU Yang HT; Chao HR; Cheng YF
TC 6
SO BIOMASS CONVERS BIOREFINERY
PY 2024
AB municipal solid waste ( msw ) management is a prime concern for municipal
   governments in order to safeguard human health , the environment , and
   natural resources . an accurate prediction of msw generation might serve as
   the basis for strategies for the effective and efficient management of msw .
   because different factors might influence waste trends , an accurate
   prediction of waste generation is required for proper waste management
   system design . this project aims to develop a system dynamics model for msw
   forecasting and control based on population , economy , and waste . the
   simulation and quantitative analysis were performed using the system
   dynamics ( sd ) technique , with kaohsiung city , one of the special
   economic zones in southern taiwan , serving as the empirical example . the
   stock_and_flow sd model was constructed using model structure analysis , and
   the causal loop diagram on msw generation was depicted in the vensim
   interface . according to the modeling results , msw generation in kaohsiung
   city would reach 3040 thousand tons by 2030 . this amount might be reduced
   by introducing waste sorting and recycling initiatives and increasing waste
   charges . the results of this research might provide the waste management
   department of kaohsiung city , taiwan , with valuable instructions for
   taking efficient and timely steps for the correct management and utilization
   of the massive volume of solid waste .
DE simulation; stock-and-flow model; system dynamics ( sd ); causal loop
   diagram ( cld ); municipal solid-waste ( msw )
ID generation; management; optimization

---

UT 156
AR Peng XC, 2026, ENERGIES, V19, DOI 10.3390/en19051259
TI Enhancing the Resilience of Distributed Energy Storage on Smart Highways: A
   System Dynamics Approach for Dynamic Maintenance Decision-Making
AU Peng XC; Yang YQ
TC 0
SO ENERGIES
PY 2026
AB the resilience of intelligent transportation systems ( itss ) heavily relies
   on distributed battery energy storage systems ( besss ) deployed in harsh ,
   unattended highway environments . traditional maintenance strategies often
   fail to account for the dynamic feedback between battery aging ,
   environmental stress , and maintenance response latency . this study
   proposes a system dynamics ( sd ) framework to evaluate and optimize the
   resilience of these critical power infrastructures . by modeling the
   nonlinear interactions among sensor data , controller logic , and remote
   discharge terminals , we simulate the system ' s dynamic behavior over a
   36_month lifecycle . the results reveal a critical ' ' scalability threshold
   ' ' : when battery pack quantity exceeds 40 units , the system ' s
   self_healing time increases disproportionately , degrading resilience .
   furthermore , the study identifies 384 v as the optimal ' ' resilience
   topology voltage ' ' , offering the fastest recovery speed by balancing
   thermal stability with consistency management efficiency . these findings
   provide theoretical guidelines for configuring bess capacity and optimizing
   remote maintenance protocols to ensure uninterrupted highway operations .
DE system dynamics; intelligent maintenance system; highway; battery;
   performance management; vensimple
ID battery-management-system

---

UT 157
AR Nikabadi MS, 2018, INT J SYST DYN APPL, V7, P1, DOI 10.4018/IJSDA.2018010101
TI A Dynamic Model of Effective Factors on Open Innovation in Manufacturing
   Small and Medium Sized Companies
AU Nikabadi MS; Hakaki A
TC 28
SO INT J SYST DYN APPL
PY 2018
AB open innovation is a key to improve smes ' performance in a dynamic
   marketplace . this article aims to present a dynamic model based on causal
   relationships among the most important effective factors on open innovation
   in manufacturing smes by using system dynamics modeling approach . to study
   the most important factors , the data collected by questionnaires filled by
   275 experts , and analyzed by spss and pls . causal relationships among
   studied factors and efficacy coefficients of each factor were identified by
   fuzzy dematel technique , the data collected from 12 experts and analyzed by
   matlab and excel . finally , the dynamic model was plotted by vensim .
   according to the results , only strategy of organization has a single loop
   of causality and effects on itself directly . economic factors are the most
   important causal factor that has the highest influence on the other factors
   . strategy of organization takes the highest effect from the system and
   organizational learning is in the next rank . besides , partners are the
   most important effected factor and ecological issues as an effected factor
   has no influence on the others .
DE fuzzy dematel technique; open innovation; smes; system dynamics; vensim
ID research and development; system dynamics; absorptive-capacity; empirical-
   evidence; performance; technology; organizations; construction; future;
   firms

---

UT 158
AR Chen XH, 2025, BUILD, V15, DOI 10.3390/buildings15070996
TI System Dynamics Simulation of Intervention Strategies for Unsafe Behaviors
   Among Prefabricated Building Construction Workers
AU Chen XH; Gao YJ; Chen RH; Huang BL; Ma LY
TC 1
SO BUILD
PY 2025
AB prefabricated building construction is a crucial approach to achieving ' '
   green ' ' building goals , yet it differs significantly from traditional
   cast_in_place construction methods . due to complex cross_operations , high
   mechanization requirements , insufficient worker experience , and inadequate
   safety measures , prefabricated construction faces greater safety management
   challenges than traditional methods . this study identifies 17 key
   indicators influencing unsafe behaviors among prefabricated building
   construction workers across four dimensions : physical environment ,
   individual factors , team factors , and safety management . a combined
   weighting method , integrating the entropy weight method and the coefficient
   of variation method , was employed to determine the weight of each factor .
   based on the weight analysis results , a system dynamics intervention model
   for unsafe behaviors of prefabricated building construction workers was
   developed and simulated using the vensim platform . the results indicate
   that , among single intervention measures , improving individual
   comprehensive skills has the most significant effect , reducing unsafe
   behaviors by 37.78 % , though this still falls short of the desired target .
   in contrast , combined interventions yield superior outcomes , with
   reductions of 68.87 % for individual factor interventions , 59.93 % for
   safety management interventions , 46.32 % for team factor interventions ,
   and 20.71 % for physical environment interventions . these findings
   highlight the significant advantages of combined interventions . based on
   the study results and the characteristics of prefabricated construction ,
   this paper proposes specific intervention strategies , emphasizing the
   importance of training and institutional development to systematically
   enhance workers ' safety behaviors .
DE prefabricated building; unsafe behavior; entropy weighting method; system
   dynamics; intervention measures
ID safety

---

UT 159
AR Abdallah KS, 2022, INT J IND ENG-THEORY APPL PR, V29, DOI
   10.23055/ijietap.2022.29.4.8115
TI A SYSTEM DYNAMICS MODEL ASSESSING THE SUSTAINABILITY OF THE PERFORMANCE OF
   SUPPLY CHAINS WITH REVERSE FLOW
AU Abdallah KS; El-Beheiry MM
TC 2
SO INT J IND ENG-THEORY APPL PR
PY 2022
AB sustainability in supply chains is more important than ever . in this paper
   , we consider a supply chain with a reverse flow where customers can return
   or replace products that flow backward to upstream members . the returned
   products re_enter the forward flow after different adjustments . we focus on
   measuring how the different operational parameters affect the sustainability
   of the supply chain and whether their interaction may affect the
   sustainability measures or not . the sustainability dimensions considered
   here are the social and environmental dimensions . a system dynamics model
   is developed for a supply chain with reverse flow . the proposed model
   measures the social dimension in terms of customer satisfaction and the
   environmental dimension in terms of the green image factor . we run the
   model for different parameters , and a factorial analysis is conducted on
   the results to show their main effect and their interaction effect on the
   measures under study . the results show how each of the main factors affects
   the sustainability of the supply chain . and how the interactions between
   the different factors can improve the already conflicting nature between the
   environmental and social performance measures .
DE reverse supply chain; factorial analysis; system dynamics; vensim;
   sustainable supply chain
ID green corporate image; management; network

---

UT 160
AR Amiri A, 2020, INT J INTELL ENG INF, V8, P198, DOI 10.1504/IJIEI.2020.111247
TI Investigating the sustainability of a food system by system dynamics
   approach
AU Amiri A; Mehrjerdi YZ; Jalalimanesh A; Sadegheih A
TC 1
SO INT J INTELL ENG INF
PY 2020
AB food is one of the essential human needs , from birth to death . the
   existence of sustainable systems that satisfy such requirements is always
   critical for the survival of the human race . this study investigates the
   sustainability of a food system using the system dynamics approach . the
   proposed model is applied to a food system in iran . for this , the key
   factors affecting the production of wheat , the primary food resource in
   iran , were analyzed . based on the history of these factors and related
   research works , causal loop diagrams were depicted . then , the problem was
   simulated by drawing the flow diagram . after the model validation , several
   scenarios were proposed for sustainable wheat production . reducing the use
   of chemical fertilizers and increasing the use of organic fertilizers ,
   while in the short term , reduce the production , in a long time , by
   improving soil quality , bring about an increase in cropping sustainability
   and wheat production .
DE food system; simulation; system dynamics; system sustainability; wheat
   production; causal loop diagram; sustainable food system; statistical
   analyzes; vensim software
ID simulation model; policy; agriculture; resources

---

UT 161
AR Vafaee M, 2025, ENV DEV SUSTAIN, V27, P14985, DOI 10.1007/s10668-023-04438-9
TI Optimal pricing of drinking water based on the average household income
   using a system dynamics approach
AU Vafaee M; Nozari H; Marofi S
TC 0
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2025
AB proper planning , management of water resources , and improvement and
   development of management methods of water and sewerage network are
   essential for sustainable use of available water resources and prevention of
   economic losses of the water and sewerage company . in this research , the
   water and sewerage network of hamedan was simulated using a system dynamics
   approach . the model ' s accuracy in determining the benefit_cost ratio was
   evaluated . based on the financial results , for the benefit_cost ratio ,
   the values of root_mean_square error ( rmse ) , standard error ( se ) , and
   determination coefficient ( r2 ) were calculated as 0.01 , 0.03 , and 0.993
   , respectively . according to the results , the developed model in this
   research has high accuracy in simulating the company ' s financial balance .
   the optimal drinking water price in different scenarios was determined using
   the powell optimization algorithm to improve the economic balance of the
   water and sewerage company . as long as the per capita consumption of
   low_income , medium_income , and high_income households is 138 , 203 , and
   268 l / day , respectively , we have no water shortage , and the
   benefit_cost ratio is improving . the company ' s financial balance can be
   increased by determining the optimal drinking water price according to the
   income of urban households . in addition , the level of social welfare can
   be increased by increasing the renovation rate of pipes .
DE optimization; powell algorithm; system dynamics; vensim; water and sewerage
   network
ID domestic water; management; service; cost; pay

---

UT 162
AR Georgantzas NC, 2007, RESOUR MANAG J, V20, P90, DOI 10.4018/irmj.2007040106
TI Disruptive Innovation Strategy Effects on Hard-Disk Maker Population: A
   System Dynamics Study
AU Georgantzas NC; Katsamakas E
TC 7
SO RESOUR MANAG J
PY 2007
AB to encourage premium_quality information systems ( is ) research in areas
   where dynamic complexity rules , this article combines disruptive innovation
   strategy ( dis ) theory with the system dynamics ( sd ) modeling method . it
   presents a computer simulation model of the hard_disk ( hd ) maker
   population overshoot and collapse dynamics . data from the hd maker industry
   help calibrate the parameters of the sd model and replicate the hd makers '
   overshoot and collapse dynamics , which dis allegedly caused from 1973
   through 1993 . sd model analysis entails articulating exactly how the
   structure of feedback relations among variables in a system determines its
   performance through time . the analysis of the hd maker population model
   shows that , over five distinct time phases , four different feedback loops
   might have been most prominent in generating the hd maker population
   dynamics . the article shows the benefits of using sd modeling software ,
   such as ithink ( r ) , and sd model analysis software , such as digest ( r )
   . the latter helps detect exactly how changes in loop polarity and
   prominence determine system performance through time . strategic scenarios
   computed with the model also show the relevance of using sd for is research
   and practice .
DE complex systems; disruptive innovation; feedback loops; innovation
   diffusion; it industry; system dynamics; technology adoption
ID model; feedback

---

UT 163
AR Qin HH, 2012, WATER POLICY, V14, P214, DOI 10.2166/wp.2011.106
TI System dynamics analysis of water supply and demand in the North China Plain
AU Qin HH; Sun ACT; Liu J; Zheng CM
TC 24
SO WATER POLIC
PY 2012
AB water resource carrying capacity ( wrcc ) is an important metric for
   regional sustainable development in china . it is defined as the difference
   between the total water supply and demand . the north china plain ( ncp )
   currently faces a serious water shortage if the wrcc is not managed at a
   sustainable level . this study focuses on applying system dynamics ( sd )
   methodology to evaluate different water use scenarios and their associated
   wrcc for the ncp . system characteristics of local water resources and
   demand in the ncp are captured and simulated using vensim ( r ) software . a
   sd model of the wrcc is constructed which consists of five sub_systems :
   agricultural irrigation , population growth , urbanization level , water
   recycle and industrial output . the impact on the wrcc is tested through
   three growth scenarios : keeping the status quo , aggressive industrial
   growth and modest growth combined with wastewater recycle . based on the
   simulation results , the wrcc that can most likely sustain economic growth
   without overly stressing the water supply is the one with modest growth
   combined with waste_water recycle .
DE north china plain ( ncp ); system dynamics ( sd ); water resource carrying-
   capacity ( wrcc ); water resource management

---

UT 164
AR Hosseinzadeh A, 2021, IRAN JOURN MANAG STUD, V14, P291, DOI
   10.22059/IJMS.2020.295013.673905
TI Providing a System Dynamics Model to Evaluate Time, Cost, and Customer
   Satisfaction in Omni-Channel Distribution: A Case Study
AU Hosseinzadeh A; Esmaili H; Soltani R
TC 2
SO IRAN JOURN MANAG STUD
PY 2021
AB the shopping experience in omni_channel distributions is influenced by the
   physical environment of the buyer , delivery time , and the cost of
   production to distribution of the goods which have a significant impact on
   customer loyalty and customer satisfaction . this study presents a system
   dynamics approach to identify the variables affecting the three aspects of
   customer satisfaction , cost , and delivery time , as well as the
   relationships among these variables in omni_channel distribution . by
   reviewing previous studies and expert opinions identifying important
   variables , followed by generating different scenarios in the vensim
   software , the optimal values of the important variables are estimated . it
   is observed that by approaching the values of the fourth scenario_increase
   in the amount of market competitiveness indices , customer referral rate ,
   marketing costs , technology etc . and decrease in the maintenance costs_the
   highest customer satisfaction and the lowest cost and delivery time can be
   achieved .
DE omni-channel distribution; system dynamics; customer satisfaction; cost and
   delivery time
ID routing problem; supply chain; retail; logistics; multichannel; fulfillment;
   integration; framework; design

---

UT 165
AR Ghashghaei M, 2013, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V27, P5119, DOI
   10.1007/s11269-013-0457-2
TI Rainfall-runoff Modeling in a Watershed Scale Using an Object Oriented
   Approach Based on the Concepts of System Dynamics
AU Ghashghaei M; Bagheri A; Morid S
TC 17
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2013
AB relying on a linear causal thinking , most of the hydrological models fail
   to incorporate socio_economic characteristics of a watershed with
   hydrological and environmental attributes . based on a systems thinking
   philosophy , the paper aims to adopt an object_oriented ( oo ) approach
   based on the concepts of system dynamics ( sd ) such as stocks and flows to
   analyze the dynamics in a hydrological system in a watershed scale .
   object_oriented modeling is a way to organize data into discrete ,
   recognizable entities called objects . these objects could be concrete (
   such as a river reach ) or conceptual ( such as a policy decision ) . in the
   present paper , vensim ple has been used for the modeling purpose . the
   application was illustrated in an iranian watershed . the model was examined
   using validity and verifying tests . the results showed that the model is
   capable of generating the monthly runoff quite well . the values of r_2 are
   0.69 and 0.61 for generated discharge values at polchehr and doab stations
   respectively . also the values of nse are 0.66 and 0.64 for estimated
   discharge values at the same stations . the capability of model was more
   clarified comparing r_2 and nse coefficients obtained by a swat model with
   those obtained by watershed hydrological model developed in this study .
DE object oriented modeling; system dynamics; iwrm; rainfall-runoff; iran
ID european hydrological system; decision support system; resources management;
   river-basin; simulation; she

---

UT 166
AR Nie S, 2024, J CLEAN PROD, V452, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.142174
TI Deciphering stakeholder strategies in electric vehicle battery recycling:
   Insights from a tripartite evolutionary game and system dynamics
AU Nie S; Cai GT; Huang YP; He JX
TC 16
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2024
AB given that the global fleet of electric vehicles is expanding rapidly ,
   leading to a surge in demand for power batteries , the significance of
   battery recycling has come sharply into focus . in this paper , we develop a
   tripartite evolutionary game model coupled with a system dynamics simulation
   approach to analyze the behavioral mechanisms of stakeholders in electric
   vehicle battery recycling and to identify the key factors influencing their
   strategic transformations . the model involves three key stakeholders :
   local governments , battery cathode manufacturers , and battery pack
   manufacturers . through profit analysis and the formulation of a replicator
   dynamics system , coupled with the application of vensim for system dynamics
   modeling , we analyze the effects of ten crucial exogenous variables on
   stakeholder strategies . our research highlights the crucial role of
   government actions , such as subsidies and penalties , in directing
   corporate strategies . notably , excessively high subsidies ( over 2.1
   million chinese yuan ) lead to dependency among cathode manufacturers .
   market factors , including increased battery sales and the preference for
   low_carbon procurement by electric vehicle manufacturers , are shown to
   significantly motivate cathode manufacturers to adopt recycling strategies
   and encourage pack manufacturers to develop recyclable designs .
   additionally , the introduction of eu battery regulations and the
   integration of cathode manufacturers into carbon trading schemes have been
   identified as positive catalysts for strategic shifts , especially for
   cathode manufacturers , while exerting minimal influence on pack
   manufacturers . this paper elucidates the intricate interaction of the
   behavioral patterns and key motivators affecting stakeholder strategies in
   electric vehicle battery recycling .
DE electric vehicle battery recycling; evolutionary game analysis; system
   dynamics; subsidy policy; eu battery regulation; battery carbon footprint
ID china

---

UT 167
AR Maqsoom A, 2019, ENV ENG MANAG J, V18, P2363
TI A SYSTEM DYNAMICS-BASED ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE SIMULATION OF CONSTRUCTION
   WASTE REDUCTION MANAGEMENT: EFFECTIVE APPLICATION OF PREFABRICATION
AU Maqsoom A; Hashmi AAQ; Zeeshan M; Arshad Q; Nawaz A; Zeeshan BU; Salahuddin
   H
TC 9
SO ENV ENG MANAG J
PY 2019
AB cost effective management of construction and demolition waste ( c and dw )
   has become a serious issue with increased construction activity and modern
   urban lifestyle which is damaging environment , eating up resources and
   causing rapid land use changes . these factors have influenced the
   construction industry significantly and therefore gained the practitioners '
   attention in recent past . new strategies of c and dw reduction management
   are being devised and reported . this research aims at providing a better c
   and dw management technique which will benefit the construction industry in
   terms of waste reduction and consequent cost_benefit . the main focus of
   this research is restrained to prefabrication of construction material and
   its effects on economy of tall buildings . the data collected from
   traditional methods for cdw management and prefabrication factories is based
   on interviewed surveys from project managers , quantity surveyors and
   experienced site managers . the collected data is then processed into system
   dynamics using ' ' vensim ple ' ' by creating causal relationships with
   dependent and independent variables . economic theory in contrast with
   conventional and prefabrication methods of construction has been
   incorporated in this study . results show that usage of prefabrication
   technique proves to be more economical in managing c and dw . construction
   waste management through prefabrication technique shows a reduction of cost
   around 79 % as compared to that in construction through conventional methods
   . this suggests that prefabrication technique can considerably reduce c and
   dw as well as costs for its management accordingly .
DE construction and demolition waste; economic-performance; prefabrication;
   recycling; system dynamics
ID demolition waste; solid-waste; environmental performance; impact; model;
   generation; separation

---

UT 168
AR Zhang MG, 2017, J LOSS PREVENT PROC, V50, P101, DOI
   10.1016/j.jlp.2017.09.005
TI A system dynamics model for risk perception of lay people in communication
   regarding risk of chemical incident
AU Zhang MG; Wang XD; Mannan MS; Qian CJ; Wang JY/1
TC 20
SO J LOSS PREV PROCESS IND
PY 2017
AB risk perception plays an important role in risk communication and chemical
   incident prevention when engaging with different groups of people . risk
   perception of lay people emphasizes the individual experience of intuitive
   judgment and subjective cognition . to study the mechanism of this process
   on chemical incidents , three causality feedback loops were achieved by
   analyzing previous studies on this mental process . meanwhile , system
   dynamics models were constructed . detailed causal trees of the key state
   variables ( risk perception , risk perspective , risk response , and risk
   communication ) were illustrated and applied to a quantitative simulation
   using vensim software . the simulation results reflect the dynamic process
   of risk perception of lay people , and specific curves of the key state
   variables were explained to support the rationality of the models . a
   sensitivity analysis among the state variables and some auxiliary variables
   were implemented to identify their internal relationships . the proposed
   methodology quantifies the diversification of psychological activities of
   risk perception through the simulated data and images , and offers a tool to
   optimize risk management and the emergency rescue of lay people at risk of a
   chemical incident . ( c ) 2017 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE system dynamics model; risk perception; risk communication; chemical
   incident; lay people
ID contaminated sites; management; impact

---

UT 169
AR Guo HM, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-26325-1
TI Analysis and measurement of multi-factor coupling risk in underground coal
   mine gas explosion based on system dynamics
AU Guo HM; Chen YF; Cheng LH; Li SG
TC 1
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB to investigate the evolutionary mechanism of coal mine gas explosion , and
   to improve the level of system safety . in this paper , a multi_factor
   coupled risk deduction model for coal mine gas explosion is constructed by
   using the system dynamics method . the two subsystems of ' human factors '
   and ' material factors ' are simulated by using vensim software . to obtain
   the evolutionary trend of system gas explosion risk and the risk change
   trend of index variables . the risk level of coal mine gas explosion is
   predicted by adjusting the parameters of the index variables , and the
   influence of various coupled factors on the development trend of the risk
   level is analyzed . through the application of the model , the results
   reveal that the model has certain applicability and feasibility . the risk
   values of system variables have a certain degree of hysteresis and
   cumulativeness in their impact on other variables and the system risk level
   , and the ' emergence ' and ' mutation ' phenomena of accident evolution .
DE gas explosion; coupling risk; cloud model; system dynamics; deduction model;
   evolutionary mechanism

---

UT 170
AR Jetha A, 2015, J PUBLIC HEALTH RES, V4, DOI 10.4081/jphr.2015.553
TI A stakeholder-based system dynamics model of return-to-work: a research
   protocol
AU Jetha A; Pransky G; Fish J; Jeffries S; Hettinger LJ
TC 7
SO J PUBLIC HEAL RES
PY 2015
AB background . returning to work following a job_related injury or illness can
   be a complex process , influenced by a range of interrelated personal ,
   psychosocial , and organizational components . system dynamics modeling (
   sdm ) takes a sociotechnical systems perspective to view return_to_work (
   rtw ) as a system made up of multiple feedback relationships between
   influential components . design and methods . to build the rtw sdm , a
   mixed_method approach will be used . the first stage , that has already been
   completed , involved creating a baseline model using key informant
   interviews . second , in two manufacturing companies , stakeholder_based
   models will be developed through interviews and focus groups with senior
   management , frontline workers , and frontline supervisors . participants
   will be asked about the rtw process in general and more targeted questions
   regarding influential components . participants will also be led through a
   reference mode exercise where they will be asked to estimate the direction ,
   shape and magnitude of relationships between influential components . data
   will be entered into the software program vensim that provides a platform
   for visualizing system_structure and simulating the effects of adapting
   components . finally , preliminary model validity testing will be conducted
   to provide insights on model generalizability and sensitivity . expected
   impact of the study for public health . the proposed methodology will create
   a sdm of the rtw process using feedback relationships of influential
   components . it will also provide an important simulation tool to understand
   system behavior that underlies complex rtw cases , and examine anticipated
   and unanticipated consequences of disability management policies .
DE system dynamics modeling methodology; sociotechnical systems thinking;
   return-to-work; work disability; complexity
ID management

---

UT 171
AR Yu WY, 2018, PATIENT PREFER ADHERENCE, V12, P207, DOI 10.2147/PPA.S155603
TI Research of an emergency medical system for mass casualty incidents in
   Shanghai, China: a system dynamics model
AU Yu WY; Lv YP; Hu CQ; Liu X; Chen HP; Xue C; Zhang LL
TC 15
SO PATIENT PREFER ADHERENCE
PY 2018
AB objectives : emergency medical system for mass casualty incidents ( ems_mcis
   ) is a global issue . however , china lacks such studies extremely , which
   can not meet the requirement of rapid decision_support system . this study
   aims to realize modeling ems_mcis in shanghai , to improve mass casualty
   incident ( mci ) rescue efficiency in china , and to provide a possible
   method of making rapid rescue decisions during mcis . methods : this study
   established a system dynamics ( sd ) model of ems_mcis using the vensim dss
   program . intervention scenarios were designed as adjusting scales of mcis ,
   allocation of ambulances , allocation of emergency medical staff , and
   efficiency of organization and command . results : mortality increased with
   the increasing scale of mcis , medical rescue capability of hospitals was
   relatively good , but the efficiency of organization and command was poor ,
   and the prehospital time was too long . mortality declined significantly
   when increasing ambulances and improving the efficiency of organization and
   command . triage and on_site first_aid time were shortened if increasing the
   availability of emergency medical staff . the effect was the most evident
   when 2,000 people were involved in mcis . however , the influence was very
   small under the scale of 5,000 people . conclusion : the keys to decrease
   the mortality of mcis were shortening the prehospital time and improving the
   efficiency of organization and command . for small_scale mcis , improving
   the utilization rate of health resources was important in decreasing the
   mortality . for large_scale mcis , increasing the number of ambulances and
   emergency medical professionals was the core to decrease prehospital time
   and mortality . for super_large_scale mcis , increasing health resources was
   the premise .
DE system dynamics model; emergency medical system; mass casualty incidents
ID preparedness; events

---

UT 172
AR Li LH, 2023, BUILDINGS-BASEL, V13, DOI 10.3390/buildings13123117
TI Simulation of Carbon Emission Reduction in Power Construction Projects Using
   System Dynamics: A Chinese Empirical Study
AU Li LH; Shi J; Liu H; Zhang RY; Guo CB
TC 5
SO BUILD
PY 2023
AB power construction projects ( pcps ) consume a large amount of energy and
   contribute significantly to carbon emissions . there is relatively little
   research on carbon emission reduction in pcps , especially in predicting
   carbon emission reduction from a dynamic perspective . after identifying the
   influencing factors that promote the carbon emission reduction effect of
   pcps , this study adopted a dynamic analysis method to elucidate the
   relationship between the variables . a quantitative carbon emission
   reduction system for pcps with 51 variables was established using the system
   dynamics model , and the system simulation was performed using vensim ple
   software . finally , a sensitivity analysis was conducted on four key
   factors : r and d investment , the prefabricated construction level , the
   scale of using energy_saving material , and the energy efficiency of
   transmission equipment . the results show that : ( 1 ) the reduction in
   carbon emissions from pcps continues to increase . ( 2 ) r and d investment
   is the most significant factor for improving the carbon emission reduction
   in pcps . ( 3 ) the value of the above four influencing factors should be
   increased within a reasonable range so that the four factors can work better
   to promote the carbon emission reduction effect of pcps . this paper
   creatively proposes a dynamic prediction model for carbon emission reduction
   in the pcp , and the research results provide the scientific basis for
   government supervision and enterprise decision_making .
DE carbon emission reduction; power construction project; system dynamics;
   simulation; sensitivity analysis
ID life-cycle assessment; energy-consumption; model; cost

---

UT 173
AR Martin-Méndez A, 2026, J NAT CONSERV, V89, DOI 10.1016/j.jnc.2025.127130
TI Management strategies for ungulate overpopulation in closed ecosystems: A
   system dynamics approach to Cabañeros National Park (Spain)
AU Martin-Méndez A; Campuzano-Bolarin F
TC 0
SO J NAT CONSERV
PY 2026
AB overabundant ungulate populations in predator_free protected areas always
   lead to vegetation loss , soil degradation , and disease outbreaks . this
   study evaluates alternative management strategies for cabaneros national
   park ( spain ) following the 2020 hunting ban . since then , the number of
   red deer ( cervus elaphus ) and wild boar ( sus scrofa ) has increased
   uncontrollably , causing rapid vegetation loss , soil erosion , and the
   emergence of density_dependent diseases . to conduct this study , a systems
   dynamics simulation model was developed that integrates ungulate demography
   , vegetation biomass , and soil quality over a 15_year period ( 2015_2030 )
   . three scenarios were tested : ( i ) continued no intervention , ( ii )
   introduction of 10 wolves ( canis lupus signatus ) in 2025 , and ( iii )
   reinstatement of selective hunting with an annual culling of 15 % . model
   calibration used monitoring data and literature_based parameter estimates ,
   with sensitivity analyzes used to identify key drivers . as a result ,
   ungulate biomass is projected to double by 2030 , vegetation cover will
   decline below ecological thresholds , and soil organic matter will decline
   irreversibly . wolf introduction slows population growth but does not allow
   vegetation recovery within five years . selective hunting stabilizes
   ungulate numbers , restores vegetation above the threshold , and halves
   projected soil loss . sensitivity analyzes highlight ungulate birth rates
   and hunting rates as the most influential parameters . in conclusion , the
   model indicates that , under current conditions , regulated hunting is the
   only proven single_lever policy capable of achieving short_term ecological
   recovery . the findings provide an evidence_based framework for
   decision_makers , emphasizing the need for timely intervention to prevent
   irreversible ecosystem degradation in mediterranean protected areas .
DE deer; wild boar; wolf; caba  and  ntilde; eros; system dynamics; modeling;
   vensim

---

UT 174
AR Ribeiro CLC, 2022, WATER SUPPLY, V22, P5494, DOI 10.2166/ws.2022.184
TI Simulations of the climate change and its effect on water resources in the
   Palma River basin, Brazil
AU Ribeiro CLC; Diotto AV; Thebaldi MS; Rodrigues JAM; Viola MR
TC 2
SO WATER SUPPLY
PY 2022
AB anthropic and natural factors can affect the water availability in a basin ,
   making necessary the use of tools that allow the simulation of future
   scenarios . considering that future climate change can affect water
   resources , the objective of this study was to evaluate the sustainability
   of the palma river basin , located in the tocantins state , brazil ,
   throughout the century , under scenarios of climate change and increase in
   irrigated area . future runoff was simulated using the swat model ,
   considering the eta / hadgem2_es and eta / miroc5 climate models and the
   rcps 4.5 and 8.5 emission scenarios . the crop irrigation requirement was
   simulated using the aquacrop model . a model was created in stella software
   , where the water supply and demand data in the basin were entered , and the
   sustainability index ( si ) was calculated , whose results were
   statistically analyzed through trend and correlation tests . hadgem 8.5 was
   the most unsustainable scenario . miroc 4.5 and miroc 8.5 scenarios showed
   higher growth of unsustainable months over time . a trend of decreasing si
   and increasing unsustainable months was observed in most scenarios . the
   results found can assist in the decision_making of water resource managers ,
   to promote the mitigation of climate change effects in the basin .
DE aquacrop; hydrological modeling; stella; swat; system dynamics; water
   resources management
ID model

---

UT 175
AR Wang YF/1, 2018, PROCESS SAF ENV PROT, V114, P271, DOI
   10.1016/j.psep.2018.01.002
TI Probability prediction and cost benefit analysis based on system dynamics
AU Wang YF/1; Li BA; Qin T; Zhang B
TC 20
SO PROCESS SAF ENV PROT
PY 2018
AB it is known that optimizing the investments on safety to reduce
   probabilities of blowout fire is very challenging due to the complexity of
   operational systems which involve varieties of potential contributors and
   ranges of safety measures . in this paper , a new method to evaluate blowout
   fire prevention and control measures is proposed in a cost effective manner
   . firstly , a dynamic probability prediction model for blowout fire is
   proposed through the system dynamics ( sd ) method . the dynamic probability
   of blowout fire on offshore drilling platform is predicted according to the
   proposed model . secondly , cost_benefit analysis of the corresponding
   safety measures is carried out using sd simulation via vensim software .
   thirdly , a case study of blowout fire probability prediction and the
   cost_benefit analysis of safety investments are demonstrated for some
   offshore drilling platform . the simulation results show that the predicted
   probability of blowout fire on offshore drilling platform increases from
   2.41e_6 to 3.997e_6 . the probability prediction formula of blowout fire is
   nonlinear fitted to obtain the intrinsic relationship between the
   probability of blowout fire and time . the case study shows that the built
   cost_benefit analysis model can be used to optimize the allocation of safety
   investments . ( c ) 2018 institution of chemical engineers . published by
   elsevier b.v . all rights reserved .
DE dynamic probability prediction; blowout fire; system dynamics; cost-benefit
   analysis; safety investment allocation; blowout fire of offshore drilling
   platform
ID safety performance; investment; allocation; projects

---

UT 176
AR Yang XX/1, 2026, ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV, V93, DOI 10.1016/j.esd.2026.101984
TI Research on the evolutionary development mechanism of renewable energy-coal
   coupling system: A system dynamics approach
AU Yang XX/1; Li XC
TC 0
SO ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2026
AB under the ' ' dual carbon ' ' targets , resource_rich regions face the dual
   challenges of renewable energy integration and environmental pollution
   control , while the evolution of renewable energy ( re ) and coal coupled
   systems brings transformative pressures to traditional coal mining and power
   generation sectors . this study constructs an integrated re_coal coupled
   system by deeply synergizing regional renewable and coal resources across
   industrial chains . employing system dynamics theory , we elucidate
   cross_sector interaction mechanisms and feedback loops , develop a dynamic
   model simulated via vensim , and quantitatively assess its economic benefits
   . the findings indicate that the green hydrogen_anchored coupling system
   exhibits both economic viability with an annual profit of 10 billion cny and
   technical feasibility with a carbon dioxide reduction of 1.36 million tons .
   by leveraging the regional advantages of low_cost renewable energy and
   abundant coal resources , this model decouples economic growth from carbon
   emissions , providing an implementable pathway for renewable energy and
   coal_rich regions to fulfill their 2030 carbon peak commitments .
DE renewable energy and coal coupling system; renewable energy integration;
   carbon emission reduction; system dynamics
ID hydrogen

---

UT 177
AR Xing Q, 2025, PHARMACOL, V16, DOI 10.3389/fphar.2025.1474856
TI Drivers of innovation value: simulation for new drug pricing evaluation
   based on system dynamics modelling
AU Xing Q; Cheng WD; Wang W; Jin CL; Wang HY/2
TC 2
SO PHARMACOL
PY 2025
AB objectives paying for the innovative value of drugs is an important means of
   mitigating healthcare system duplication and enhancing patient health .
   assessing and exploiting the factors influencing innovation premium to
   forecast trends and shortcomings within the pharmaceutical innovation
   ecosystem . methods utilizing system dynamics , this research constructs a
   decision evaluation system for new drug pricing in japan . it integrates
   various decision_making factors across dimensions such as value premium ,
   marketability premium , pediatric premium , and sakigake premium , employing
   vensim ple software for simulation purposes . results under the current
   policy framework , pharmaceutical innovation is on the rise , with
   significant policy effects observable after 5 years . the most substantial
   growth in value occurs in medications for rare diseases and niche markets ,
   with effects varying in the short to medium term and stabilizing over the
   long term . sensitivity analysis highlights that factors like combination
   therapies , faster mechanisms of action , and novel therapeutic parts
   notably influence the value dimension . other significant factors include
   obtaining national certifications , addressing indications lacking standard
   treatments , and demonstrating superior efficacy . the study also identifies
   underexploited opportunities related to the use of evidence in pricing
   decisions . conclusion clinical outcomes are pivotal in shaping drug pricing
   , influencing both patient and healthcare provider preferences , and thereby
   affecting market uptake and competitive dynamics . regulatory frameworks
   that prioritize unmet medical needs or superior drug efficacy are essential
   . future enhancements to the model should incorporate more real_world
   evidence and expand regulatory considerations to better reflect the dynamic
   nature of the healthcare sector and support equitable , outcome_based drug
   pricing .
DE system dynamics; drug prices; innovation premium; value-based pricing;
   pricing evaluation
ID policy analysis; health; japan

---

UT 178
AR Nezamkhiavy K, 2025, ISH J HYDRAUL ENG, V31, P344, DOI
   10.1080/09715010.2025.2467687
TI Developing a simulation-optimization model for eutrophication management
   using system dynamics approach: a case study of Karkheh Dam reservoir
AU Nezamkhiavy K; Safarzadeh A; Masoumi F
TC 0
SO ISH J HYDRAUL ENG
PY 2025
AB this research developed a sophisticated simulation_optimization model using
   a system dynamics ( sd ) approach integrated with matlab simulink ,
   targeting eutrophication management in dam reservoirs . eutrophication ,
   marked by overgrowth of algae due to nutrient excess , is a significant
   threat to water quality in these systems , with the karkheh dam reservoir in
   iran serving as the focal case study . to capture the dynamics of
   eutrophication , the reservoir was divided into three vertical layers ,
   facilitating a nuanced analysis of thermal stratification ' s effects on
   nutrient and dissolved oxygen distribution . mathematical relationships
   pertinent to key eutrophication indicators_phosphorus , nitrogen , and
   dissolved oxygen concentrations_were meticulously developed for each layer ,
   culminating in a comprehensive sd model . the model ' s outputs were
   compared against two established frameworks , vensim and ce_qual_w2 , over
   one year , employing statistical metrics such as root mean square error (
   rmse ) and correlation coefficients to assess accuracy . the simulink model
   demonstrated superior predictive performance , particularly regarding
   chlorophyll_a and dissolved oxygen levels . further , integrating a genetic
   algorithm ( ga ) with the sd model led to a ga_simulink model , optimizing
   water release strategies over 15 years . this model operated 29 times faster
   than ga_ce_qual_w2 , underscoring its effectiveness for efficient
   environmental management in reservoir systems .
DE eutrophication; system dynamics; simulation-optimization; matlab simulink;
   ce-qual-w2
ID water-quality; operation

---

UT 179
AR Khan S, 2009, ENVIRON MODELL SOFTW, V24, P1363, DOI
   10.1016/j.envsoft.2007.06.006
TI Analysing complex behaviour of hydrological systems through a system
   dynamics approach
AU Khan S; Ahmad A
TC 84
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2009
AB the interaction among various water cycle components consists of complex ,
   non_linear , and bidirectional ( interdependent ) biophysical processes
   which can be interpreted using feedback loops in a system dynamics ( sd )
   environment . this paper demonstrates application of an sd approach with two
   case studies using a specialized software tool , vensim . the first case
   study simulates water balance in a rice field system on a daily basis under
   aerobic conditions with provision of supplemental irrigation on demand . a
   physically based conceptual water balance model was developed and then
   implemented using vensim to simulate the processes that occur in the field
   water balance system including percolation , surface runoff , actual
   evapotranspiration , and capillary rise . the second case study simulates
   surface_groundwater dynamic interactions in an irrigation area where river
   water and groundwater are two key sources of irrigation . the modeled system
   encompasses dynamically linked processes including seepage from the river ,
   evaporation from a shallow watertable , groundwater storage , and lateral
   flow from upland to lowland areas . the model can be applied to simulate
   responses of different irrigation management scenarios , to develop
   strategies to improve water use efficiency and control watertable , to
   prevent salinization in upland , and to reduce the cost of groundwater
   abstraction in lowland areas . the discussed applications of the sd approach
   conclude that it helps to conceptualize and simulate complex and dynamic
   water system processes deterministically which are otherwise partly
   simulated by conventional hydrologic and stochastic modeling approaches . it
   is recognized that conceptualization and implementation phases of this
   approach are challenging , however , the latter is greatly assisted by
   modern computer softwares . ( c ) 2007 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved ,
DE system dynamics; causal loop diagrams; dynamic simulation; irrigation;
   salinity; soil water balance; groundwater; surface-groundwater interaction;
   aerobic rice; china; vensim
ID bayesian network; model; real; sustainability; validation; management;
   issues

---

UT 180
AR Zhang HF, 2022, PROCESS, V10, DOI 10.3390/pr10050981
TI Analysis of Grid Response Strategies for the Safety Behavior Risk Events of
   Transportation System Based on System Dynamics-"the Assistant Watchman Does
   Not Appear as Required"
AU Zhang HF; Qi CM; Ma MY
TC 1
SO PROCESS
PY 2022
AB employees are the most important and dynamic elements in the railway
   transportation system . how to achieve accurate control of inertial
   violation of ' ' key person , key matter , key period ' ' , and formulate
   more personalized risk response strategy is a thorny problem that faced by
   safety managers . the existing risk response usually takes control measures
   from the perspective of the system as a whole , ignoring the heterogeneity
   of risk , and the selection of response strategies only considers the target
   risks to be dealt with , ignoring the secondary risks that may occur in the
   process of risk response , or the residual risks formed by changing the
   existing risk , coupled with the lack of quantitative evaluation of risk
   response effect , resulting in poor risk response effect . by introducing
   the grid theory and taking the risk event of ' ' the assistant watchman does
   not appear as required ' ' at huangyangcheng station of shenshuo railway as
   an example , this study constructs a grid response model of the assistant
   watchman risk events based on system dynamics . through the grid division ,
   the model accurately locates and classifies the assistant watchman on duty .
   then , during the system dynamics simulation process , the hazard factor is
   regarded as a bridge , and the traditional virtual boundary of system
   simulation is transformed into accurate grid definition . by improving the
   response strategy of safety behavior risk event of the assistant watchman on
   duty in cell grid and using vensim_ple software for personalized simulation
   , the intervention of ' ' the assistant watchman does not appear as required
   ' ' risk event is transformed from qualitative analysis to dynamic
   quantitative mathematical model , so as to realize the personalized response
   simulation analysis of employees in the grid .
DE railway transportation system; grid theory; system dynamics; risk response;
   hazard factors
ID construction workers; evolutionary game; fuzzy topsis; communication;
   performance; perception; model; anp; optimization; management

---

UT 181
AR Lugo-Niebla JR, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13110936
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Multicriteria Analysis Methods for Selecting
   Scenarios in a Harness Assembling Plant
AU Lugo-Niebla JR; Lagarda-Leyva EA; Acosta-Quintana MPG; Portugal-Vásquez J;
   Naranjo-Flores AA; Bueno-Solano A
TC 0
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB the global automotive industry faces significant challenges with respect to
   its supply chain , particularly component scarcity and the increasing
   complexity of modern vehicles , which have severely impacted the production
   of high_tech harnesses . this study addresses the issues faced by a leading
   automotive harness manufacturing company in ciudad obreg and oacute . n ,
   mexico ( an international company that requested confidentiality ) , which
   has suffered considerable economic losses ( over usd 2870 ) and production
   downtime due to component scarcity and delivery delays in component
   deliveries , affecting ' ' crew grande ' ' harness production . this
   proposal aims to develop a technological solution with a graphical interface
   to support decision_making in the face of this scarcity . the methodology
   employed system dynamics to model the supply chain ' s complexity , using
   software such as stella ( r ) architect for forrester diagrams and equations
   and vensim ( r ) ple for causal diagrams . the model was validated with a
   relative error , confirming its reliability . multicriteria decision_making
   ( mcdm ) was performed using the technique for order of preference by
   similarity to ideal solution ( topsis ) and faire un choix adequate ( fuca )
   methods to evaluate 15 scenarios ( normal , pessimistic , and optimistic ) ,
   identifying the four most favorable scenarios for optimizing operational
   performance . the results demonstrate these solutions ' potential to
   mitigate losses , improve operational efficiency , and strengthen the
   company ' s position against market and demand fluctuations , especially for
   its main client , ford motor company , using a graphical user interface (
   gui ) to support analysis and decision_making .
DE system dynamics; harness manufacturing supply chain; multicriteria analysis
   method; quantitative scenario planning

---

UT 182
AR Ciplak N, 2012, WASTE MANAGE RES, V30, P576, DOI 10.1177/0734242X12443405
TI A system dynamics approach for healthcare waste management: a case study in
   Istanbul Metropolitan City, Turkey
AU Ciplak N; Barton JR
TC 34
SO WASTE MANAG RES
PY 2012
AB healthcare waste consists of various types of waste materials generated at
   hospitals , medical research centers , clinics and laboratories . although
   75_90 % of this waste is classified as ' domestic ' in nature , 20_25 % is
   deemed to be hazardous , which if not disposed of appropriately , poses a
   risk to healthcare workers , patients , the environment and even the whole
   community . as long as healthcare waste is mixed with municipal waste and
   not segregated prior to disposal , costs will increase substantially . in
   this study , healthcare waste increases along with the potential to decrease
   the amounts by implementing effective segregation at healthcare facilities
   are projected to 2040 . our long_term aim is to develop a system to support
   selection and planning of the future treatment capacity . istanbul in turkey
   was used as the case study area . in order to identify the factors affecting
   healthcare waste generation in istanbul , observations were made and
   interviews conducted in istanbul over a 3 month period . a system dynamics
   approach was adopted to build a healthcare waste management model using a
   software package , vensim ple plus . based on reported analysis , the
   non_hazardous municipal fraction co_disposed with healthcare waste is around
   65 % . using the projected waste generation flows , reducing a municipal
   fraction to 30 % has the potential to avoid some 8000 t year ( _1 ) of
   healthcare waste by 2025 and almost 10 000 t year ( _1 ) by 2035 .
   furthermore , if segregation practices ensured healthcare waste requiring
   incineration was also selectively managed , 77 % of healthcare waste could
   be diverted to alternative treatment technologies . as the throughput
   capacity of the only existing healthcare waste treatment facility in
   istanbul , kemerburgaz incinerator , has already been exceeded , it is
   evident that improved management could not only reduce overall flows and
   costs but also permit alternative and cheaper treatment systems ( e . g .
   autoclaving ) to be adopted for the healthcare waste .
DE health-care waste; municipal waste; segregation; system dynamics modeling;
   treatment capacity
ID medical waste; disposal

---

UT 183
AR Guo ZX, 2024, J TECHNOL TRANSFER, V49, P660, DOI 10.1007/s10961-022-09989-z
TI Identifying the implementation effect of technology transfer policy using
   system dynamics: a case study in Liaoning, China
AU Guo ZX; Shen JR; Li LH
TC 10
SO J TECHNOL TRANSF
PY 2024
AB given that technology transfer provides an important boost for promoting
   national economic development , technology transfer policy ( ttp ) has
   attracted more and more attention from academia and industry . the
   government issued many policies . however , the implementation effect of ttp
   still needs to be clarified . this study is carried out from the progressive
   level of ' ' text content_influence path_implementation effect . ' ' it aims
   to adopt a systematic analysis method to analyze policy tools and policy
   implementation stages , then builds a conceptual framework of the influence
   path of ttp . then the relationship between variables in the qualitative
   model was clarified , and the system dynamics ( sd ) model was used to build
   a quantitative model with four feedback loops . finally , taking liaoning ,
   china as an example , the system simulation and sensitivity analysis of the
   main parameters are implemented in vensim ple . different policy tools have
   different roles in the ttp impact stages of research , transfer , and
   industrialization . based on the data of 2013_1019 , the sd model
   constructed in this paper can be used to predict the implementation effect
   of ttp during 2020_2015. simulation and sensitivity analysis results provide
   practical enlightenment for government departments to improve the
   implementation effect of the existing ttp . this study also provides other
   researchers with a systematic understanding for improving the implementation
   effect of ttp with a ' ' text content_influence path_implementation effect '
   ' conduction chain and provides new insights for further research on ttp .
DE technology transfer policy; implementation effect; system dynamics; policy
   simulation; sensitivity analysis
ID intellectual property-rights; information-technology; innovation; impact;
   climate; efficiency; perspectives; knowledge; district; economy

---

UT 184
AR De Wit JA, 2026, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V40, DOI 10.1007/s11269-025-04393-2
TI Subsurface Irrigation in Regional Water Management: a System Dynamics
   Approach to Support Decision Making
AU De Wit JA; Van Dam JC; Heijmans THH; Van Huijgevoort MHJ; Ritsema CJ;
   Bartholomeus RP
TC 0
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2026
AB controlled drainage with subirrigation ( cdsi ) using surface water
   contributes to freshwater availability by recharging , retaining and
   discharging water . however , cdsi systems affect regional hydrological
   fluxes , which requires adequate regional planning and management . this
   study aims to ( i ) investigate to what extent regional upscaling of cdsi
   can be supported in relation to surface water availability , using a system
   dynamics model ( sdm ) and ( ii ) identify how an sdm can support decision
   making of water management authorities . an sdm was developed to simulate
   changes in hydrological fluxes and water levels resulting from cdsi
   upscaling from the local to the regional scale . an sdm was used as it is
   able to capture key non_linear feedbacks within the water system , such as
   those between ( i ) surface water and groundwater , ( ii ) groundwater and
   unsaturated zone , ( iii ) regional water supply and weir management . the
   model provides insight into changes in hydrological fluxes due to cdsi
   upscaling , without long computational times and the complexities of
   spatially distributed models . simulations show non_linear propagation of
   hydrological fluxes , where three phases can be identified for different
   degrees of upscaling : ( i ) sufficient surface water availability , ( ii )
   surface water availability decreases due to subirrigation , and ( iii )
   insufficient water availability due to overexploitation . these phases are
   related to regional and local water management strategies controlled by
   water management authorities and farmers , and to geohydrological
   characteristics . in conclusion , the sdm can support early_stage strategic
   planning on the feasibility of cdsi upscaling and facilitate discussions
   between stakeholders by efficiently visualizing and quantifying associated
   hydrological effects .
DE controlled drainage; local scale; regional scale; subirrigation; system
   dynamics modeling; vensim; water management
ID drainage; model

---

UT 185
AR Abaddi S, 2025, NAT RESOUR FORUM, V49, P1732, DOI 10.1111/1477-8947.12452
TI Modeling e-Truck adoption for sustainable transport in Jordan: A system
   dynamics approach
AU Abaddi S
TC 4
SO NAT RESOUR FORUM
PY 2025
AB this study has developed a model that predicts the quantity of co2 emissions
   reduced and the adoption of e_trucks until the year 2100 in jordan . using
   system dynamics software ( powersim ) and business intelligence tools (
   microsoft power bi ) , the most significant factors affecting three modules
   : environment , government , and customer were examined . twelve scenarios
   were modeled during the study ( three factors and four cases for each factor
   ) . the factors were marketing effectiveness , environmental awareness , and
   government acquisition subsidy , and their values were ( 0.2 , 0.3 , 0.4 ,
   0.5 ) , ( 0.3 , 0.4 , 0.5 , 0.6 ) , and ( 500 , 1500 , 3000 , 6000 jordanian
   dinar_jod ) , respectively . under normal conditions , with a marketing
   effectiveness of 0.2 , environmental awareness of 0.3 , and a subsidy of 500
   jod , the annual sales of e_trucks and conventional fuel trucks ( cft ) will
   break_even in 2052 in jordan . the cumulative co2 emissions reduction at the
   same year will be 6165.213 tons . among the three factors , marketing
   effectiveness was found to have the highest impact followed by the
   environmental awareness and last came the acquisition subsidy . based on our
   findings , it is recommended that policymakers prioritize improving
   marketing efforts to accelerate the shift toward e_trucks , raise
   environmental awareness among consumers , and provide subsidies for
   acquisition of e_trucks in jordan . additionally , further research is
   needed to incorporate other factors , such as ict infrastructure ,
   technology maturity and other social factors that can affect the adoption of
   e_trucks . the study ' s originality lies in its focus on e_trucks , a
   relatively underexplored area in the sustainable transport literature ,
   especially in the context of jordan as many other emerging nations . the
   practical implications include leading the switch to e_trucks , identifying
   infrastructural needs , and informing legislative choices . by analyzing
   long_term dynamics and encouraging the deployment of e_trucks , it seeks to
   lower co2 emissions , enhance air quality , and promote a sustainable
   transportation system in jordan .
DE co2 emissions; e-trucks; fuel consumption; jordan; simulation; sustainable
   transport; system dynamics
ID electric vehicles; policy

---

UT 186
AR Li JC/1, 2014, FRESENIUS ENV BULL, V23, P1209
TI A SYSTEM DYNAMICS APPROACH TO A COMPREHENSIVE ASSESSMENT OF WATER
   STRATEGIES: A CASE STUDY OF NORTH CHINA
AU Li JC/1; He YY; Fan CJ
TC 14
SO FRESENIUS ENV BULL
PY 2014
AB in this study , a new approach for identifying the optimal water strategy is
   presented , for the purpose of achieving sustainable development of water
   resources , incorporating system dynamics ( sd ) and the comprehensive
   benefit assessment model . a complex sd model is therefore developed using
   the vensim ple sd software package , which reflects interactions between
   water resources , ecology , society and the economy . on this basis , we
   advance a comprehensive benefit assessment model to give an all_around
   assessment of a chosen water resource system . a case from north china has
   been studied to illustrate the applicability of the new approach . the
   credibility and validity of the sd model is confirmed with datasets from the
   years 2004_2011. the average simulation error is only about 2.6 % . the
   water supply and demand of north china in 2030 is predicted , which
   foretells a huge water shortage . the new approach is then employed to
   assess the impacts of the four water strategies : storage , desalinization ,
   water saving and sewage treatment . results show that when the investments
   in water conservancy facilities reach 0.5 % of the annual gdp , the maximum
   comprehensive benefit is obtained . developing water desalination technology
   has been proven not to be an economical measure in the short term . the
   development of water_saving and sewage treatment technology has a positive
   impact on increasing the water supply , narrowing the margin between supply
   and demand , enhancing sewage utilization , and improving the ecological
   environment . however , excessive investments will slow down the pace of
   economic development .
DE comprehensive benefit assessment; system dynamics; water prediction; water
   resources; water strategy
ID resources management; model; performance; impact; plain

---

UT 187
AR Mylonakou M, 2023, SYST, V11, DOI 10.3390/systems11030112
TI System Dynamics Analysis of the Relationship between Urban Transportation
   and Overall Citizen Satisfaction: A Case Study of Patras City, Greece
AU Mylonakou M; Chassiakos A; Karatzas S; Liappi G
TC 10
SO SYST
PY 2023
AB the main objective of this research is to evaluate how the transport sector
   affects the satisfaction of citizens . the model developed aims both at
   assessing the satisfaction of citizens and using it as a tool to measure the
   change in citizens ' satisfaction resulting from new mobility practices or
   policies . the developed scenarios are based on the principles of
   sustainability and the action plans concern : better accessibility
   conditions for alternative means of transport . improving travel safety .
   reducing air pollution , greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption .
   increasing efficiency and effectiveness in the movement of people and goods
   . and enhancing the attractiveness and quality of the urban environment .
   the results reveal that it is necessary for local decision makers to take
   further measures to increase the overall satisfaction of citizens with the
   aim of prosperity and happiness of citizens within their city , and the
   proposed model can support the decision_making process . utilizing the
   developed system dynamics model , it is possible to make simulations with
   new data and at the same time to evaluate the change they bring to the
   individual sectors and to the overall satisfaction of the citizens .
DE urban transportation; satisfaction level; sustainability; system dynamics;
   transport indicators; sumi; vensim
ID passenger transport; sustainability; indicators

---

UT 188
AR Zhu YQ, 2016, DESALIN WATER TREAT, V57, P505, DOI
   10.1080/19443994.2014.972466
TI System dynamics modeling and simulation of a coagulation-ultrafiltration
   process for the treatment of drinking water
AU Zhu YQ; Zhang XH; Zhang HW
TC 1
SO DESALIN WATER TREAT
PY 2016
AB in this work , a system dynamics ( sd ) model of a
   coagulation_ultrafiltration ( uf ) process was developed using vensim and
   validated with experimental data . the sd model includes the basic elements
   and essential structure of the coagulation_uf process system . numerical
   simulations were used to optimize the operating parameters of the sd model .
   the simulation results demonstrated that the absorption resistance ( r_a )
   contributed a small portion of the total resistance ( r_t ) ( 15 % ) in the
   basic experiment , where the initial permeate flux ( j ( 0 ) ) was 35m ( 3 )
   / ( m ( 2 ) h ) . furthermore , the cake layer resistance ( r_c ) was the
   main because of the total resistance ( r_t ) within the model . the
   concentration of coagulant and the removal rate of membrane fouling were
   positively correlated when the coagulant concentration increased from 20 to
   35mg / l . in addition , the contribution of total resistance to membrane
   fouling was obtained from the sd model . the membrane fouling rate reached
   22.5pa / h after 16 backwashing cycles which corresponds to the predicted
   chemical cleaning time . the sd model presented here can provide guidance in
   optimizing operating parameters through numerical simulations which eschew
   the need for large amounts of repeated tests .
DE system dynamics modeling; coagulation-ultrafiltration process; cake layer
   resistance; membrane fouling; drinking water treatment
ID microfiltration process; membrane; parameters; filtration; emissions;
   surface; flow

---

UT 189
AR Li XG, 2021, SYSTEMS-BASEL, V9, DOI 10.3390/systems9040087
TI The Impact of Different Internet Application Contexts on Knowledge Transfer
   between Enterprises
AU Li XG; Li XK
TC 8
SO SYST
PY 2021
AB this paper investigates the effect of different internet application
   scenarios on the forward and reverse knowledge transfer between architecture
   enterprises and component enterprises in the context of modular production
   in manufacturing enterprises . after dividing the internet contexts into
   three the perspectives of internet tools , internet platforms , and internet
   resources , this paper adopts a system dynamics approach to construct a
   causality model and a system flow diagram of the influence of different
   internet contexts on the knowledge transfer between architecture enterprises
   and component enterprises , and uses vensim ple software to simulate and
   conduct a sensitivity analysis of the model . the results show that the
   three internet contexts , namely internet tools , internet platforms , and
   internet resources , can promote both positive and negative knowledge
   transfer between architecture enterprises and component enterprises , and
   exhibit a steadily growing trend of promotion . internet tools and internet
   resources are more conducive to positive knowledge transfer from
   architecture enterprises to component enterprises , and internet platforms
   have a stronger facilitation effect on the reverse knowledge transfer from
   the component enterprises to the architecture enterprises . our research
   offers useful recommendations for businesses on how to utilize various
   internet settings to promote and assist effective knowledge transfer .
DE systems dynamics; internet application scenarios; knowledge transfer;
   architecture enterprises; component enterprises
ID system dynamics; competitive advantage; tacit knowledge; innovation;
   product; management; firms; technologies; capabilities; uncertainty

---

UT 190
AR Zeng X, 2021, IEEE ACCESS, V9, P132354, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3100130
TI Nonlinear System Simulation and Forecasting of Regional Technology
   Innovation Using System Dynamics Method
AU Zeng X; Deng LB; Zhou MR; Li WY
TC 2
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2021
AB this study analyzed complex causal feedback loops in regional technology
   innovation ( rti ) system and established a system dynamics ( sd ) model of
   rti . taking china guangdong pilot free trade zone as a sample , and running
   the model in vensim , it shows high fitting precision and good extrapolating
   performance . the simulation gives out the future trends of rti , fcd , atd
   and ipr royalties international trade of the region . this study proposed an
   effective model of rti , and more importantly , it points out the type ,
   direction and magnitude of the effects caused by ipr policy in rti system .
   this sd model can also be used in policy effect simulation in the future .
DE intellectual property; research and development; technological innovation;
   investment; feedback loop; patents; indexes; system analysis and design;
   nonlinear dynamical systems; regional technology innovation; system
   dynamics; computer simulation
ID intellectual property-rights; empirical-evidence; growth; fdi

---

UT 191
AR Li MN/1, 2019, INFECT DRUG RESIST, V12, P613, DOI 10.2147/IDR.S185177
TI System dynamics modeling of public health services provided by China CDC to
   control infectious and endemic diseases in China
AU Li MN/1; Yu WY; Tian W; Ge Y; Liu Y/1; Ding T; Zhang LL
TC 13
SO INFECT DRUG RESIST
PY 2019
AB background : infectious and endemic diseases are a serious public health
   concern worldwide , and their prevention and treatment are globally
   controversial . this study aimed to establish an system dynamics ( sd )
   model to analyze the factors influencing public health services provided by
   the chinese centers for disease control and prevention ( china cdc ) to
   implement infectious and endemic disease control in china , by establishing
   more effective interventions to provide public health services and thus
   achieving the goal of controlling infectious and endemic diseases .
   materials and methods : an sd model was constructed using the vensim dss
   program . intervention experiments were performed using the sd model , which
   reflected the influences on disease control by adjusting the governmental
   investment and compensation level for public health products . results : the
   experimental results showed that increasing the governmental investment in
   china cdc and compensation level for public health products will
   significantly increase the public health product rate provided by china cdc
   . discussion : problems with infectious and endemic disease prevention and
   treatment are the result of the system ' s incomplete functioning and
   limited health resources . to address the current problems and improve the
   system , the government should increase its investment in the public health
   service system and improve the compensation system to ensure smooth
   implementation of infectious and endemic disease prevention and treatment
   and , ultimately , improve public health in china .
DE epidemic model; transmission; spread; epidemiology; public-health; system
   dynamics; disease management
ID hiv prevention; antiretroviral treatment; cost-effectiveness; inject drugs;
   hepatitis-c; epidemics; interventions; tuberculosis; simulation; lessons

---

UT 192
AR Chen YC, 2025, ENERGIES, V18, DOI 10.3390/en18040878
TI Shale Gas Transition in China: Evidence Based on System Dynamics Model for
   Production Prediction
AU Chen YC; Zhang Y/2
TC 2
SO ENERGIES
PY 2025
AB as a clean energy source , shale gas plays a crucial role in mitigating the
   supply_demand imbalance of natural gas and in facilitating the transition to
   a low_carbon economy . this study employs a system dynamics model to
   forecast future production trends in shale gas in china , analyze its
   implications for the natural gas supply_demand structure , and explore
   pathways for sustainable development . firstly , by integrating the
   characteristics of china ' s shale gas resources , market dynamics , and
   policy frameworks , the key factors influencing production are identified ,
   and their interrelationships are systematically analyzed . subsequently , a
   causal loop diagram is constructed using the vensim software ( vensim ple
   9.3.5 x64 ) , a set of representative variables is selected , and the
   logical relationships among these variables are established through a
   multivariate statistical analysis , culminating in the development of a
   production forecasting model for china ' s shale gas ( stock and flow
   diagram ) . finally , based on parameter assumptions , this study predicts
   the production trends in shale gas in china under multiple scenarios . the
   forecasting results reveal that china ' s shale gas production is expected
   to grow at an average annual rate of 3.32 % to 8.02 % , with production
   under the reference scenario projected to reach 724.22 x 108 m3 by 2040 .
   however , the growth of shale gas production over the next two decades
   remains limited , accounting for a maximum of 12.07 % of the total natural
   gas consumption , underscoring its transitional role in the low_carbon
   transformation . to address these challenges , this study proposes four
   policy recommendations : ( 1 ) prioritize the development of shallow ,
   high_quality gas_bearing blocks while gradually transitioning to deeper
   formations . ( 2 ) intensify technological innovation in deep shale gas
   extraction to enhance recovery rates and mitigate production decline rates .
   ( 3 ) implement flexible production subsidies and moderately increase
   natural gas sales prices to incentivize production and optimize resource
   allocation . and ( 4 ) strengthen ecological conservation and improve water
   resource management to ensure the sustainable development of shale gas .
DE china shale gas; production prediction; system dynamics; energy low-carbon
   transformation
ID natural-gas

---

UT 193
AR Shaker F, 2024, J MODEL MANAG, V19, P1827, DOI 10.1108/JM2-07-2023-0136
TI Simulating the corrective actions affecting system availability: a system
   dynamics approach
AU Shaker F; Shahin A; Jahanyan S
TC 1
SO J MODEL MANAG
PY 2024
AB purposethis paper aims to simulate vital corrective actions ( cas )
   affecting system availability through a system dynamics approach based on
   the results obtained by analyzing the causal relationships among failure
   modes and effects analysis elements . design / methodology / approacha stock
   and flow diagram has been developed to simulate system behaviors during a
   timeframe . some improvement scenarios regarding the most necessary cas
   according to their strategic priority and the possibility of eliminating
   root causes of critical failure modes in a roller_transmission system have
   been simulated and analyzed to choose the most effective one ( s ) for the
   system availability . the proposed approach has been examined in a
   steel_manufacturing company . findingsresults indicated the most effective
   cas to remove or diminish critical failure causes that led to the less
   reliability of the system . it illustrated the impacts of the selected cas
   on eliminating or decreasing root causes of the critical failure modes ,
   lessening the system ' s failure rate and increasing the system availability
   more effectively . research limitations / implicationsresults allow managers
   and decision_makers to consider different maintenance scenarios without
   wasting time and more cost , choosing the most appropriate option according
   to system conditions . originality / valuethis study innovation would be the
   dynamic analysis of interactions among failure modes , effects and causes
   over time to predict the system behavior and improve availability by
   choosing the most effective cas through improvement scenario simulation via
   vensim software .
DE system dynamics; stock-and-flow diagram; failure modes and effects analysis;
   availability; mean time between failures; mean time to repair
ID maintenance; performance; reliability; entropy

---

UT 194
AR Kurniawan M, 2025, JORDAN J MECH IND ENG, V19, DOI 10.59038/jjmie/190407
TI Halal Supply Chain Traceability and Food Safety Model Based on Blockchain
   Technology and the Internet of Things Using a System Dynamics Approach
AU Kurniawan M; Suparno S; Vanany I
TC 0
SO JORDAN J MECH IND ENG
PY 2025
AB this study aims to develop a system dynamics model for halal supply chain
   traceability and food safety based on blockchain and internet of things (
   iot ) technology . this approach addresses the lack of transparency ,
   efficiency , and trust in the food supply chain . the model is constructed
   using primary and secondary data ( primarily from indonesia to facilitate
   the simulation process ) , simulated using vensim ple , and validated
   through behavioral , structural , extreme , and parameter tests . this study
   developed three scenarios : increased growth efficiency , increased
   investment , and increased farmer storage capacity . during the simulation
   period , blockchain and iot implementation increased food availability for
   consumption by 5 % and reduced fresh food inventory losses by 3 % . the
   scenario of increasing farmer storage capacity showed a 10 % increase in
   food availability and reduced fresh food inventory losses by 4 % compared to
   the initial model . thus , the proposed approach helps maximize food
   availability and reduce fresh food inventory losses more optimally .
DE traceability; halal supply chain; food safety; blockchain; internet of
   things; system dynamics

---

UT 195
AR Szarka N, 2018, WASTE MANAG RES, V36, P332, DOI 10.1177/0734242X18757626
TI A systems dynamics approach for supporting regional decisions on the
   energetic use of regional biomass residues
AU Szarka N; Wolfbauer J; Bezama A
TC 5
SO WASTE MANAG RES
PY 2018
AB this article presents the definition , building , calibration and
   application of a system dynamics simulation model to quantify the present
   and future comparative advantages and disadvantages of using forest and
   agricultural residual biomass for energetic purpose through different
   processes and technologies , on a regional basis . a dynamic structure of
   the agricultural and forestry biomass process activities ( i . e .
   production , transport , conversion and consumption ) based on regional
   time_series data was built , implemented into and calibrated within a
   dynamic simulation tool ( vensim software ) within a hungarian county .
   besides the agriculture and forestry sectors , the model includes data about
   demography , economy , environment and land use , among others . for
   carrying out the assessment , realistic scenarios of future biomass
   processes and of biomass use were formulated , characterized by quantitative
   sustainable development indicators and simulated within the dynamic model .
   the results prove that the introduced model supports decision making of
   biomass utilization in a regional scale , through comparing and analyzing
   quantitative changes of economic , social and environment indicators , which
   characterize a sustainable regional development . the model therefore allows
   analyzes and evaluation of not only partial prosperous or adverse
   characteristics of biomass processes and use , but also to relate regional
   components and their development over time . the developed dynamic tool is
   therefore a powerful method to model complex systems , such as a regional
   energy system , considering the framework of the regional preferences stated
   by the regional stakeholders . it can thus provide useful decision support ,
   especially when used as a priority_based screening of potential regional
   development programs in the energy field .
DE biomass residues; waste-to-energy; regional analysis; system dynamics;
   energy system modeling; scenario analysis
ID waste management; mitigation; bioenergy

---

UT 196
AR Ding ZK, 2018, J CLEAN PROD, V176, P676, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2017.12.101
TI A system dynamics-based environmental benefit assessment model of
   construction waste reduction management at the design and construction
   stages
AU Ding ZK; Zhu ML; Tam VWY/1; Yi GZ; Tran CNN
TC 178
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2018
AB construction waste generation and its environmental impact reduction have
   become an urgent issue to be solved with the acceleration of urbanization
   process in china . however , limited research has been conducted to cover
   both the design stage and the construction stage such that the overall
   construction waste reduction outcome could be comprehensively assessed .
   based on interview data and literature review , vensim software was used to
   build a two_stage environmental benefit assessment system dynamics ( sd )
   model which covered construction waste reduction management subsystem ,
   waste generation and disposal subsystem , and environmental benefit
   assessment subsystem . simulation results highlight that the reduction
   management can reduce 40.63 % of waste generation . in the meantime , the
   reduction management achieves good environmental benefits including the
   reduction of greenhouse_gas emissions of 12,623.30 kg , saving waste
   landfill of 3901.05 m ( 3 ) and reducing the use of public vacant site for
   the illegal dumping of 688.42 m ( 3 ) . the simulation results demonstrate
   that the dynamic model could assess the environmental benefits of
   construction waste reduction effectively at the design and the construction
   stage . this research can provide insight to the design and construction
   professionals for waste reduction measures such as prefabricated components
   application , reduced design modification at the design stage , on_site
   sorting and material reuse at the construction stage , and to provide
   references for governments in assessing the reduction management outcomes of
   construction projects and the environmental benefits . ( c ) 2017 elsevier
   ltd . all rights reserved .
DE design and construction stage; construction waste minimization;
   environmental benefits; system dynamics
ID demolition waste; prefabrication; minimization; simulation; shenzhen;
   behavior; impact

---

UT 197
AR Ma MX, 2023, J BUILD ENG, V75, DOI 10.1016/j.jobe.2023.107050
TI A system dynamics model for assessing impacts of policies on supply and
   demand of recycled aggregate
AU Ma MX; Tam VWY/1; Le KN; Osei-Kyei R
TC 10
SO J BUILD ENG
PY 2023
AB it has become urgent for virgin aggregate to be replaced with recycled
   aggregate , because acquiring virgin aggregate involves considerable amount
   of energy and carbon dioxide emissions . in recent decades , governments
   worldwide have formulated policies to develop the market for recycled
   aggregate , while introduction of these policies could cause uncertainties
   in its supply and demand , potentially hindering its market acceptance .
   this study develops a system dynamics model to assess impacts of five
   policies ( i . e . , enhanced supervision on illegal dumping , landfill
   charge , subsidies for recycling activities , development of recycling
   centers , and restriction on mining ) on the supply and demand of recycled
   aggregate . the model is described through vensim ple software , and
   chongqing , china is selected as a case study . single policies , including
   enhanced supervision , development of recycling centers and landfill charge
   are observed to have limited impacts on supply and demand of recycled
   aggregate . when the subsidy equals to 50 yuan / ton ( or us $ 7.41/ton ) ,
   the subsidy policy could suppress the increase in illegal dumping percentage
   and increase the supply of recycled aggregate . restriction on mining could
   contribute to the growth of demand . however , single policies are found to
   have limitations and combination of policies should be considered . impacts
   of three different combination policies are discussed in this study .
   findings of this study could contribute to practice of c and d waste
   management and present possible stimulus to use recycled aggregate .
DE recycled aggregate; waste recycling; supply and demand; market development;
   system dynamics model; policy instrument
ID demolition waste management; life-cycle assessment; economic-performance;
   reduction management; circular economy; construction; concrete; durability;
   simulation; sustainability

---

UT 198
AR Woo TH/1, 2012, ENERGY SOURCES A-RECOVERY UTIL ENV EFF, V34, P948, DOI
   10.1080/15567031003735311
TI A Dynamical Study for Earthquakes of Seismic Safety Assessment in Nuclear
   Power Plants (NPPs) Using the System Dynamics (SD) Method
AU Woo TH/1; Lee SH
TC 5
SO ENERGY SOURCES A-RECOVERY UTIL ENV EFF
PY 2012
AB an earthquake could be a crucial result of nuclear power plants due to the
   massive power . it is a main point to keep the stability of the system
   without a radiation material leak from the reactor . for the safety
   assessment , the system dynamics predict for the random sampling
   quantification of an earthquake happening due to unexpected characteristics
   , which is one of the non_linear algorithms . the dynamical information is
   incorporated with the loop sequence of the time step procedures by the
   feedback simulations . the plant system factor is the highest value among
   three factors including estimation and earthquake factors . in the
   estimation factor , there is the highest value in 2012 . in the earthquake
   factor , there is the highest value in 2028 . the maximum value of summation
   for three factors is in the year 2030 , which has the value of 20.52 times (
   = 389.85/19.00 ) higher than the initial value and highest than any other
   value . the tractable quantification for the safety assessment is obtained
   by a computer package .
DE earthquake; feedback; nuclear power plants; safety assessment; simulation;
   system dynamics; thermohydraulic aspect; vensim

---

UT 199
AR Mier-Valderrama L, 2024, SYST, V12, DOI 10.3390/systems12090326
TI Why Is Reducing the Dead Zone in the Gulf of Mexico Such a Complex Goal?
   Understanding the Structure That Drives Hypoxic Zone Formation via System
   Dynamics
AU Mier-Valderrama L; Ledezma J; Gibson K; Anoruo A; Turner B
TC 0
SO SYST
PY 2024
AB the northern gulf of mexico hosts a severe dead zone , an oxygen_depleted
   area spanning 1,618,000 hectares , threatening over 40 % of the you . s .
   fishing industry and causing annual losses of usd 82 million . using a
   system dynamics ( sd ) approach , this study examined the
   mississippi_atchafalaya river basin ( marb ) , a major contributor to
   hypoxia in the gulf . a dynamic model , developed with vensim software
   version 10.2.1 andexisting data , represented the physical , biological ,
   and chemical processes leading to eutrophication and simulated dead zone
   formation over time . various policies were assessed , considering natural
   system variability . the findings showed that focusing solely on nitrogen
   control reduced the dead zone but required greater intensity or managing
   other inputs to meet environmental goals . runoff control policies delayed
   nutrient discharge but did not significantly alter long_term outcomes .
   extreme condition tests highlighted the critical role of runoff dynamics ,
   dependent on nitrogen load relative to flow volume from upstream . the model
   suggests interventions should not just reduce eutrophication inputs but
   enhance factors slowing down the process , allowing natural denitrification
   to override anthropogenic nitrification .
DE gulf of mexico; eutrophication; dead zone; watershed management; system
   dynamics
ID consequences

---

UT 200
AR Liu JK, 2020, ENVIRON SCI POLLUT R, V27, P37237, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-019-07107-5
TI An environmental assessment model of construction and demolition waste based
   on system dynamics: a case study in Guangzhou
AU Liu JK; Liu YD; Wang XT
TC 207
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2020
AB at present , china is in the rapid development stage of urbanization , and
   construction activities are becoming more frequent . this is accompanied by
   a large amount of construction and demolition waste ( c and dw ) , which
   raises many problems with its governance , such as occupying valuable land
   resources , causing air pollution , and consuming raw materials . in this
   study , taking guangzhou as an example , the system dynamics principle was
   used to establish an environmental assessment model of c and dw , and vensim
   software was used to simulate and analyze the environmental , economic , and
   social impacts of various disposal methods of c and dw . the results showed
   that ( 1 ) among all waste disposal methods , landfill disposal had the
   highest greenhouse gas emissions . it was estimated that the greenhouse gas
   emissions from landfill disposal will account for 75 % of the total
   emissions in 2030 , while the greenhouse gas emissions from recycling
   disposal will only account for 0.5 % . ( 2 ) the simulation results showed
   that , according to the current data , the land area occupied by waste
   landfills and illegal dumping in 2030 will be about 4.88 million m ( 2 ) ,
   and the economic loss caused by land loss and global warming will account
   for 9.1 % of guangzhou ' s gdp in 2030 , which is equivalent to the national
   economy of a regional city with a less developed economy . ( 3 ) enhanced
   supervision could significantly reduce the amount of illegal dumping , but
   its effect on landfill disposal and recycling would be very limited .
   according to the results of the simulation analysis , some suggestions were
   put forward to improve the environmental , economic , and social impact of c
   and dw disposal in guangzhou .
DE construction and demolition waste; environmental assessment; system
   dynamics; greenhouse gas emissions
ID life-cycle assessment; economic-impact; management; benefits; pay; csr

---

UT 201
AR Baghanam AH, 2022, SUSTAIN, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14063376
TI Policy-Making toward Integrated Water Resources Management of Zarrine River
   Basin via System Dynamics Approach under Climate Change Impact
AU Baghanam AH; Seifi AJ; Sheikhbabaei A; Hassanzadeh Y; Besharat M; Asadi E
TC 15
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB in terms of having a comprehensive vision toward supplying the water
   requirements , a multi_criteria decision_making approach was employed on the
   zarrine river basin ( zrb ) in the northwest of iran . first , the climate
   change impacts were analyzed with the long ashton research station weather
   generator ( lars_wg ) downscaling approach by using general circulation
   models ( gcms ) including the european consortium earth system model (
   ec_earth ) , hadley center global environment model version 2 ( hadgem2 ) ,
   model for interdisciplinary research on climate , version 5 ( miroc5 ) , and
   max planck institute earth system model ( mpi_esm ) , from coupled model
   intercomparison project 5 ( cmip5 ) under representative concentration
   pathway ( rcp4.5 , rcp8.5 ) scenarios for 2021_2080. afterward , the
   downscaled variables were utilized as inputs to the artificial neural
   network ( ann ) model to predict future runoff under the climate change
   impact . finally , the system dynamics ( sd ) model was employed to simulate
   various scenarios for assessing water balance utilizing the vensim software
   . the results of downscaling models suggested that the temperature of the
   basin will increase by 0.47 and 0.91 degrees c under rcps4.5 and 8.5 by 2040
   , respectively . additionally , the precipitation will decrease by 3.5
   percent under rcp4.5 and 14 percent under rcp8.5 , respectively . moreover ,
   simulation results revealed that the water demand in various sectors will be
   enormously increased . the contribution of the climate change impact on the
   future run_off was a seven percent decrease , on average , over the basin .
   the sd model , according to presented plausible scenarios including
   decreasing agriculture product and shifting irrigation efficiency ,
   cloud_seeding , population control , and household consumption reduction ,
   reducing meat and animal_husbandry production , and groundwater consumption
   control , resulted in a water balance equilibrium over five years . however
   , the performance of individual scenarios was not effective . instead , a
   combination of several scenarios led to effective performance in managing
   reduced runoff under climate change .
DE climate-change; system dynamics; water resources management; zarrine river-
   basin
ID weather generator; lars-wg; precipitation; models

---

UT 202
AR Wang YD, 2024, BUILD, V14, DOI 10.3390/buildings14020417
TI A Dynamic Evaluation Method for the Development of Intelligent Construction
   Technology in the Construction Field Based on Structural Equation Model-
   System Dynamics Model
AU Wang YD; Zhao J; Gao N; Shen FQ
TC 7
SO BUILD
PY 2024
AB in order to explore the development trends of intelligent construction
   technology in the field of construction , this paper constructs a system
   dynamics ( sd ) model of the application and development of bim and the
   new_generation information technology in the construction industry based on
   sd theory and a structural equation model ( sem ) . vensim dss is used to
   explore the relationship between the sd model and six subsystems . the
   dynamic simulation and the sensitivity analyzes are also conducted . results
   show that during 2023_2050 , as the time series advances , the effect value
   of the dynamic simulation gradually increases . from 2035 , intelligent
   construction technology shows a trend of rapid development between various
   subsystems and the sd model . the adjusted model and the status of the
   subsystem are consistent with the sd model simulation curve . it is verified
   that intelligent construction technology has good development prospects in
   the construction field .
DE intelligent construction technology; structural equation model; system
   dynamics model; dynamic simulation; construction field
ID china

---

UT 203
AR Jin SY, 2024, J KNOWL ECON, V15, P6111, DOI 10.1007/s13132-023-01368-9
TI Knowledge Transfer of China's HSR Standards "Going Global" Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Jin SY/1; Chai H; Lee CC
TC 2
SO J KNOWL ECON
PY 2024
AB under ' ' the belt and road ' ' initiative , the international recognition
   of china ' s high_speed railway ( hereafter , hsr ) standards is gradually
   improving along with china ' s hsr ' ' going global . ' ' however , the ' '
   going global ' ' process of china ' s hsr standards still faces obstacles .
   therefore , how to promote the ' ' going global ' ' of china ' s hsr
   standards has become an important research topic . ' ' going global ' ' of
   china ' s hsr standards is essentially a process of knowledge transfer
   related to hsr standards . in this study , knowledge transfer theory was
   used to identify factors related to the knowledge transfer of china ' s hsr
   standards ' ' going global . ' ' furthermore , a causal loop diagram and
   stock_and_flow diagram were designed using the system dynamics ( hereafter ,
   sd ) method . variable equations were constructed to quantitatively describe
   the dynamic relationship between the relevant factors . subsequently , we
   used vensim software to verify the validity of the constructed sd model and
   conducted a simulation analysis on this sd model . finally , conclusions
   were drawn on the influence of different factors on the knowledge transfer
   performance of china ' s hsr standards ' ' going global . ' ' among them ,
   knowledge transfer capacity of china ' s hsr enterprises , accepting
   willingness and absorptive capacity of hsr importing countries , the trust
   between two parties , and china ' s manufacturing gvc status index all have
   a positive impact on the knowledge transfer performance of china ' s hsr
   standards ' ' going global . ' ' the recessive , complexity , and
   specificity of hsr standards , the cultural distance and institutional
   distance between china ' s hsr enterprises and hsr importing countries , and
   the competitor pressure faced by china ' s hsr enterprises all have a
   negative impact on the knowledge transfer performance of china ' s hsr
   standards ' ' going global . ' ' and the corresponding suggestions were put
   forward to promote the sustainable export of china ' s hsr standards .
DE china hsr standards; knowledge transfer; system dynamics; win-win
   cooperation; the belt and road initiative
ID absorptive-capacity; performance; management; innovation; efficiency;
   impact; firms; model

---

UT 204
AR Fisher D, 2017, MATH ENTHUS, V14, P347
TI Reorganizing Algebraic Thinking: An Introduction to Dynamic System Modeling
AU Fisher D
TC 5
SO MATH ENTHUS
PY 2017
AB system dynamics ( sd ) modeling is a powerful analytical method used by
   professional scientists , academics , and governmental officials to study
   the behavior patterns of complex systems . specifically through use of the
   stella software , it is a method that i and others have used for over two
   decades with high school , and even middle school , math and science
   students . in this paper i describe an introduction to sd modeling intended
   for an algebra class ( in either middle or high school ) . in the body of
   the paper , a nested sequence of simple bank account examples , increasing
   in complexity , is used to demonstrate a comparison between using a closed
   form approach and using stella to mathematize each situation . the
   comparison , showing equivalent recursive equations , closed form equations
   , and stella modeling diagrams , is designed to give the reader ( algebra
   teacher , mathematics education decision_maker , researcher , or whomever )
   an accessible introduction to understanding stella model diagrams and the
   mathematical engine operating under the ' ' hood ' ' of the software . in
   particular , i highlight the limitations of closed form equations to capture
   the needed problem elements beyond a certain level of complexity , even when
   the problem is still simple enough for analysis by quite young students
   using stella . in the final section , i discuss how , once students become
   comfortable with the software , the level of sophistication of problems they
   can analyze ( including complex problems ) by designing and building stella
   models is extensive , significantly beyond what they can analyze with
   equations . then i point to limitations in the traditional math curriculum ,
   manifest in the common core state standards , in terms of failure to prepare
   students for modeling of complex dynamic systems , and the related failure
   to exploit the potential of new representational resources .
DE algebraic thinking; system dynamics modeling; mathematical modeling;
   mathematization; complexity in models; software; common core state
   standards; traditional math curriculum; limitations of traditional
   curricula; young students mathematical reasoning; technology in mathematics
   education

---

UT 205
AR Zhou QW, 2022, INT J MANAG PROJ BUS, V15, P324, DOI
   10.1108/IJMPB-06-2021-0142
TI System dynamics approach of knowledge transfer from projects to the project-
   based organization
AU Zhou QW; Deng XP; Hwang BG; Yu M
TC 28
SO INT J MANAG PROJ BUS
PY 2022
AB purpose although knowledge transfer in the context of projects and
   project_based organizations ( pbos ) has gained increasing attention from
   academia and industry , it is not clear how knowledge transfers from
   projects to their parent pbos . this research aims to explore the main
   factors influencing knowledge transfer from projects to their parent pbos ,
   and analyze how these factors integrate the transfer process as system
   components using the system dynamics ( sd ) method . design / methodology /
   approach based on the literature review , investigation and interview , this
   paper adopts the event analysis to obtain the influencing factors from
   historical cases and establishes a conceptual model of knowledge transfer
   from five dimensions , which simultaneously considers the knowledge sender ,
   knowledge receiver and the relationship between the knowledge sender and
   receiver , knowledge features and transfer context . then , the
   relationships between variables in the qualitative model were clarified ,
   and a quantitative model including seven feedback loops was established
   using the sd model . lastly , the system simulation and sensitivity analysis
   of the main parameters were realized in vensim ple software . findings the
   simulation analysis results show that the model can simulate the knowledge
   transfer process from projects to the pbo to a certain extent . this
   research fully demonstrates the impact of variables from five dimensions on
   knowledge transfer and incorporates the knowledge gap and transfer threshold
   in the research category . moreover , the rationality of seven feedback
   loops proposed in the model was verified . and the effects of various
   factors on the amount of knowledge transferred and the pbo ' s knowledge
   stock were examined through sensitivity analysis . furthermore ,
   recommendations for developing an integrated knowledge transfer mechanism of
   pbos and projects to enhance transfer effect are offered . research
   limitations / implications this research provides other researchers with a
   systematic understanding of transfer process from projects to pbos , and
   insight for further research on knowledge transfer in project and
   organization contexts . furthermore , this study guides researchers to focus
   on the causal processes that constitute knowledge transfer and explores the
   expected and unexpected phenomena generated over time . however , some
   variables involved in the transfer process are simplified , and the
   establishment of a more complex dynamic model needs further research and
   discussion . practical implications by establishing a simulation model for
   knowledge transfer from projects to their parent pbos , this study helps
   project teams and pbos grasp the overall picture of the transfer process .
   especially , this paper provides target_oriented recommendations for project
   and pbo managers to implement effective knowledge transfer practices , which
   have certain practical values for knowledge cultivation , coordination ,
   reuse and innovation in the organization . originality / value this study
   contributes to knowledge management and project management literature by
   simulating the knowledge transfer process from projects to their parent pbos
   . additionally , this paper provides a reference for pbo and project
   managers to establish an integrated knowledge_transfer mechanism in the work
   process and comprehensively implement effective knowledge transfer practices
   .
DE knowledge transfer; project-management; simulation; system dynamics ( sd );
   project-based organizations ( pbos )
ID codification; culture; trust; firms

---

UT 206
AR Jin SY, 2025, NANKAI BUS REV INT, V16, P654, DOI 10.1108/NBRI-07-2024-0070
TI Forward knowledge transfer from Chinese parent corporations to African
   affiliates from the perspective of transfer context: a system dynamics
   approach
AU Jin SY; Zhang YM; Wang CF
TC 0
SO NANKAI BUS REV INT
PY 2025
AB purposethe purpose of this study is to analyze and explore in depth the
   impact of transfer context factors on forward knowledge transfer from
   chinese parent corporations to african affiliates , aiming to enhance the
   efficacy of chinese parent corporations ' forward knowledge transfer to
   african affiliates from a transfer context perspective , and encourage the
   outstanding advancement of china_africa collaboration . design / methodology
   / approachthis study established a forward knowledge transfer model for
   chinese parent corporations to african affiliates from a transfer context
   perspective . furthermore , a causal loop graph and system stock_flow chart
   based on the model were drawn using the system dynamics approach .
   subsequently , the constructed sd model was subjected to simulation analyzes
   and sensitivity tests using the vensim v7.3.5 application . findingsthe
   results of this study indicate that the transfer contexts have a bearing on
   chinese parent corporations ' forward knowledge transfer to african
   affiliates . at the macro level , cultural and institutional distances , and
   at the micro level , geographical and organizational distances are
   unfavorable to chinese parent corporations ' forward knowledge transfer to
   african affiliates . however , relationship strength and knowledge
   similarity are advantageous at the micro level . originality / valuefirst ,
   the knowledge transfer contexts are classified into macro and micro
   dimensions , and the impacts of these dimensions on the relatively
   under_researched forward knowledge transfer from chinese parent corporations
   to african affiliates are explored . second , based on the sd approach , a
   complex , nonlinear and dynamically evolving forward knowledge transfer
   model is constructed , through which the circular feedback relationships
   among variables and the time_lag effects of knowledge transfer behaviors are
   clearly revealed . third , profound insights into the significance of
   context factors in knowledge transfer cooperation are provided for chinese
   and african enterprise managers , helping them devise strategies to enhance
   knowledge transfer effectiveness .
DE transfer context; knowledge transfer; chinese parent corporation; african
   affiliate; system dynamics
ID organizational knowledge; absorptive-capacity; moderating role; acquisition;
   performance; alliances; projects; distance; firm

---

UT 207
AR Ganji F, 2021, ENVIRON SCI POLLUT R, V28, P31327, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-12773-5
TI System dynamics approaches to assess the impacts of climate change on
   surface water quality and quantity: case study of Karoun River, Iran
AU Ganji F; Nasseri M
TC 18
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2021
AB the aim of this research is to gain a better understanding of the effects of
   climate change with a comprehensive and dynamic perspective . therefore , by
   using the system dynamics ( sd ) approach to simulate the effects of climate
   change on the quality and quantity of the karoun river and regarding the
   water supply and demand systems in the region and their feedback relations ,
   a model was developed in vensim . cgcm3 outputs under a2 , b1 , and a1b
   emission scenarios have been used to investigate the effects of climate
   change on both the quality / quantity of the water resources system . also ,
   to determine the effects of climate change on agricultural demand , the
   water requirement of selected crops for the next period ( 2015_2050 ) has
   been calculated via cropwat model . the results show that the maximum and
   minimum temperature and evaporation will increase . the results of the
   developed sd model show that if the current development process continues
   under all three climate change scenarios , the system will be able to meet
   the domestic , industrial , and environmental demand . however , the supply
   of agricultural demand will be deficient . also , the average ec value in
   ahvaz station under three emission scenarios has increased more than 21 % ,
   compared to the 15_year average . the average ph value did not change much .
   then , several proposed management scenarios were evaluated to improve
   system performance . the results show that the scenario of optimal operation
   of upstream dams has the best performance . however , due to the unrealistic
   growing trend , despite applying this scenario , the development of the
   agricultural sector will fail down after a few years . therefore , to reach
   a long_term solution to the problem of water shortage , the growth trend of
   this sector for the next period should be reviewed in light of the effects
   of climate change .
DE climate-change; karoun river; water-quality and quantity; system dynamics
ID modeling approach; resources; simulation; china

---

UT 208
AR Hosseinzadeh S, 2024, INT J HEAL MANAG, V17, P63, DOI
   10.1080/20479700.2022.2149083
TI Hospital bed capacity management during the COVID-19 outbreak using system
   dynamics: A case study in Amol public hospitals, Iran
AU Hosseinzadeh S; Ketabi S; Atighehchian A; Nazari R
TC 3
SO INT J HEAL MANAG
PY 2024
AB nowadays proper management of hospital resources has played an important
   role in reducing the economic pressure on hospitals . unprecedented
   challenges have arisen for healthcare systems including further resource
   constraints due to the covid_19 pandemic . so different countries faced the
   low capacity of hospitals ' resources to admit and care for patients during
   the crisis . medical staff , beds and personal protective equipment are
   among the scarce resources in this period . in this study , the patient flow
   in public hospitals has been modeled using system dynamics ( sd ) simulation
   to manage the available capacity of intensive care units ( icu ) and wards
   during the covid_19 period . the model has been implemented in vensim ple
   and verified for public hospitals in amol , iran . the results have shown
   that hospitals face bed shortages in the period coinciding with the growing
   incidence of covid_19 , being forced to cancel or delay the admission of
   selected patients and nonemergency surgeries . different scenarios based on
   possible strategies for managing hospital bed capacities have been also
   evaluated . the best strategy is the one in which the allocated bed
   capacities to covid_19 patients are altered based on infection rates during
   different stages of the pandemic , resulting the shortage of beds is
   postponed the most .
DE bed capacity management; system dynamics; covid-19; infection rate;
   inpatient ward; intensive care unit
ID care; simulation; health

---

UT 209
AR Bocanegra LAF, 2009, REV EDUC ING, V4, P84
TI Market model for broad band access for residential internet access in
   Colombia: a systems dynamic approach
AU Bocanegra LAF; Gallón L
TC 0
SO REV EDUC ING
PY 2009
AB this article introduces an initial version of the model to be developed
   within the research project ' ' model of broadband access market for
   residential internet service in colombia : an approach from the systems
   dynamics ' ' . it shows the results obtained from an initial conceptual
   representation of its behavior reflected in the causal diagram , which was
   supported by the software vensim ple r version 5.8c , which specializes in
   applying the approach of systems dynamics .
DE system dynamics; broadband; internet access; modeling; simulation

---

UT 210
AR Bocanegra LAF, 2009, ENTRE CIENC ING, P92
TI Quantitative analysis of market behavior of access broadband internet
   service residential in Colombia, seen from the dynamics of systems.  Version
   0.1
AU Bocanegra LAF; Londoño LG
TC 0
SO ENTRE CIENC ING
PY 2009
AB the system dynamics is emerging as an alternative to the traditional
   techniques of information analysis , since it permits to analyze and
   synthesize different structural causes that promote the behavior of interest
   . however , this involves raising awareness on the role of each element and
   how different actions carried out on parts of it , accentuate or attenuate
   the trend implicit in it ( garcia , 2007 ) . taking this aspects into
   consideration , this article presents the first version of the model to be
   developed within the research project ' ' model market access to broadband
   internet service to residential , an approach from the system dynamics ' ' ,
   in which the different elements present in the market will be considered ,
   and a simulation of their behavior will be conducted , using the vensim ple
   version 5.8c ( 2007 ) software , designed to work under the focus of system
   dynamics .
DE system dynamics; broadband; modeling; simulation

---

UT 211
AR Guo H, 2025, ENV SUSTAIN INDIC, V28, DOI 10.1016/j.indic.2025.100991
TI Early warning and prediction of water resources carrying capacity based on a
   System Dynamics Modeling Approach in the Shule River Basin, Northwest China
AU Guo H; Sun DY; Wu LZ; Cui YQ; Wang XF; Ma YL; Shu HP
TC 1
SO ENV SUSTAIN INDIC
PY 2025
AB water scarcity and ecological fragility have become prominent constraints on
   sustainable development in arid inland river basins . evaluating and
   forecasting the water resources carrying capacity ( wrcc ) is critical for
   achieving a balance between socioeconomic development and ecological
   conservation . this study constructs a comprehensive early warning framework
   for wrcc in the shule river basin , northwest china , integrating water
   resources , ecology , economy , and society into a multidimensional
   indicator system . a combined weighting method based on entropy weight and
   critic was employed to objectively determine indicator weights . the topsis
   model was used to assess wrcc levels from 2000 to 2022 . to provide dynamic
   predictions , a system dynamics ( sd ) model was developed in vensim ,
   simulating wrcc evolution under four scenarios : status quo , economic
   priority , environmental protection , and integrated coordination . control
   charts were used to establish early warning thresholds and classify wrcc
   levels . the results indicate that wrcc showed a you_shaped trend from 2000
   to 2022 , only decreasing in 2009 and then returning to a high load state by
   2022 . obstacle factor analysis identified key constraints in sewage
   treatment capacity , ecological water use , and economic water_use
   efficiency . forecasts show that the integrated and coordinated scenario
   produces the most favorable outcome , with wrcc reaching 0.627 b y 2035 ,
   demonstrating a balance between economic growth and ecological protection .
   the proposed early warning and simulation framework offers a practical and
   adaptable approach for wrcc assessment and management in arid regions . the
   results provide a scientific basis for regional water resource planning and
   policy formulation under the pressures of climate change and rapid
   development .
DE bearing capacity early warning; early warning interval; system dynamics;
   combination weight
ID signals

---

UT 212
AR Morales SAH, 2021, INT J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL, V12, P649
TI Inventory Management Analysis under the System Dynamics Model
AU Morales SAH; Andrade-Arenas L
TC 1
SO INT J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL
PY 2021
AB in this work , the modeling of the system dynamics concerning inventory
   management has been carried out , this was done to achieve a correct
   analysis on said management , and thus make decisions that benefit the
   company . knowing that the problem lies in the mismanagement of inventories
   , which are managed by certain companies with little or vast knowledge about
   inventory management , for which , it is desired to make use of the system
   dynamics modeling , so that this , achieves a correct analysis of the
   management , but is focused on the dynamics of system . the result obtained
   , from the development of the methodology applied in this work , was a
   correct and adequate analysis of the dynamics modeling of system in
   inventory management , which was achieved , using the simulation software
   known as vensim , and a methodology based on three stages that are the
   causal diagram , the forrester diagram , and the mathematical equations .
DE causal diagram; dynamics of system; forrester diagram; inventory management;
   vensim
ID supply chain

---

UT 213
AR Qin HH, 2019, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V33, P4849, DOI 10.1007/s11269-019-02410-9
TI Analysis of Water Management Scenarios Using Coupled Hydrological and System
   Dynamics Modeling
AU Qin HH; Zheng CM; He X; Refsgaard JC
TC 26
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2019
AB the north china plain ( ncp ) has been affected by severe water scarcity
   over the past several decades . to address this issue , several water
   management plans have already been launched . among them , the new
   south_to_north water diversion project ( snwdp ) draws the most attention .
   however , the effectiveness of the snwdp is yet to be evaluated . in the
   present study , we developed a coupled hydrological and system dynamics ( sd
   ) model to analyze water management scenarios for the ncp : s1 : business as
   usual , s2 : less agricultural water , s3 : more domestic and industrial
   water reuse , s4 : snwdp , and s5 : combined efforts . the impact of climate
   change has been accounted for in all scenarios . the sd model was based on
   vensim , and the hydrological model was based on the mike she code . the
   results indicated that the groundwater development in the ncp will not be
   sustainable without exploiting the full potential of the snwdp resource .
   however , the snwdp alone can only lessen the water crisis , it is not able
   to stop the groundwater storage from further declining . solving the water
   scarcity problem in the ncp will require a combination of highly reduced
   water use and a continued water supply from the snwdp . our results also
   indicated that innovative water saving technologies are urgently needed in
   the restructuring of the industrial sector . furthermore , the study
   illustrated an added challenge to water management since the uncertainty
   range on climate change impacts are shown to be of the same magnitude as the
   impacts of combined management measures . therefore , it requires great
   caution when making the future water management strategies in the ncp .
DE hydrological model; system dynamics ( sd ) model; water resources
   management; north china plain ( ncp ); south-to-north water diversion
   project ( snwdp ); climate-change
ID north china plain; climate-change; hebei plain; resources; groundwater;
   sustainability; diversion; europeen; reuse; she

---

UT 214
AR Bakkula O, 2025, DISCOV APPL SCI, V7, DOI 10.1007/s42452-025-07227-3
TI Examining the drivers of changes in stripping ratio in open pit coal mining:
   a system dynamics model to optimize the coal discrepancy
AU Bakkula O; Wibisono D; Siallagan M
TC 1
SO DISCOV APPL SCI
PY 2025
AB stripping ratio ( sr ) , as one of the critical parameters in coal mining ,
   refers to the ratio of overburden ( ob ) or waste removed to obtain a ton of
   coal . it influences the coal discrepancy , or the difference between actual
   and planned coal mined production . this study aims to explore the
   contributing factors to the change in sr . the author carried out a focus
   group discussion ( fgd ) involving experts at one of the largest coal mining
   companies in indonesia . empirical data collected from january to december
   2024 verified the results related to the causes of changes in sr . the
   output variables from the data collecting analysis are utilized for modeling
   this phenomenon using vensim ple 7.3.5 , a system dynamics ( sd ) software ,
   to assess the influence of all contributing factors . the study revealed
   that the geological model and pit optimization positively decrease the sr .
   on the other hand , changes in sequence , redesigning the pit , operational
   loss , failure , and rehandling activity have an opposite impact on sr .
   based on the simulation at model x , the best scenario is g ( with the
   contributing factor of a coal increase of 15 % from the original ) , which
   has an average sr of 6.26 and a total coal mined production of 1,626,018.1
   tons at t = 1932 . simulation of model y revealed that scenario g7 has the
   highest total coal mined production of 1,604,088.8 tons , with the average
   sr at 6.34. however , scenario g4 shows the highest revenue of $
   130,712,149.0 as well as a profit of $ 85,327,620.9 .
DE stripping ratio; coal discrepancy; system dynamics; geological model; coal
   loss; mining sequence
ID uncertainties

---

UT 215
AR Asif A, 2020, BUILD ENV, V180, DOI 10.1016/j.buildenv.2020.106980
TI Indoor temperature, relative humidity and CO2 monitoring and air exchange
   rates simulation utilizing system dynamics tools for naturally ventilated
   classrooms
AU Asif A; Zeeshan M
TC 49
SO BUILD ENV
PY 2020
AB this study reports the results of two_season ( summer and winter )
   monitoring of indoor co2 , temperature ( t ) and relative humidity ( rh )
   levels conducted in naturally ventilated classrooms of a primary school .
   parameters were recorded at 1_min interval for one week including occupancy
   and non_occupancy hours . co2 , t and rh exceeded ashrae recommended limits
   for significant fraction of occupancy period . minute_by_minute ventilation
   ( vrs ) and air exchange rates ( aers ) were calculated for occupancy hours
   . results showed significant variation ( p 0.98 for all classrooms , using
   minute_by_minute vrs ) with monitored co2 concentration and low mot mean
   square error . similarly , minute_by_minute vrs input to models showed more
   accurate simulation as compared to vrs averaged for a session ( correlation
   coefficient < 70 for all classrooms ) . finally , ashrae and rehva
   recommended vrs ( 8 and 3 vs / person respectively ) were input to sd based
   model to simulate co2 concentration , in which the former successfully kept
   co2 levels below 1000 ppm and later failed to maintain claimed limits of
   1500 ppm .
DE indoor co2; thermal comfort; ventilation rate; air exchange rate; system
   dynamics; ventilation simulation
ID building syndrome sbs; thermal comfort; environmental-quality; residential
   buildings; energy-consumption; office; pollution; schools

---

UT 216
AR Lima CG, 2025, BIOL INVASIONS, V27, DOI 10.1007/s10530-025-03698-y
TI The combined effects of site susceptibility to invasion and fire on
   population dynamics of the invasive tree Acacia dealbata
AU Lima CG; Bastos R; Cabral JA; Alves P; Fernandes PM; Honrado JP; Kühn I;
   Malta-Pinto E; Marchante E; Richardson DM; Santos M; Verburg PH; Vicente JR
TC 0
SO BIOL INVASIONS
PY 2025
AB disturbance by fire can significantly influence the spread and establishment
   of invasive alien plants , such as acacia dealbata ( silver wattle ) , which
   pose serious threats to ecosystems . this study assessed the combined
   effects of fire count density and landscape susceptibility to invasion on
   the population dynamics of a . dealbata in the minho region of portugal
   using a mechanistic model . the model , developed using stella software ,
   comprises four submodels that address : ( a ) changing trends in land use
   and land cover ( lulc ) . ( b ) fire events . ( c ) changes in the landscape
   susceptibility to invasion and ( d ) a . dealbata population dynamics .
   higher fire count densities led to higher a . dealbata population growth and
   regeneration , increasing landscape susceptibility to invasion . models such
   as the proposed approach can help identify potential priority areas for
   management , namely in sites with low initial structural diversity and
   continued a . dealbata population growth , as demonstrated in our dynamic
   simulations . the model not only enhances understanding of interactions
   between fire and plant invasion dynamics but also provides a tool for
   predicting the dynamics of other invasive plant species to guide proactive
   and cost_effective management strategies .
DE fire; fire-invasion interactions; invasive alien species; land-use and land
   cover ( lulc ); process-based modeling; system dynamics; tree invasions
ID species distribution models; ecological impacts; australian acacias;
   management; resistance; portugal; patterns; drivers; support; options

---

UT 217
AR Maresova P, 2023, INT J HEAL MANAG, V16, P588, DOI
   10.1080/20479700.2022.2134635
TI An effectiveness and cost-estimation model for deploying assistive
   technology solutions in elderly care
AU Maresova P; Rezny L; Bauer P; Fadeyi O; Eniayewu O; Barakovic S; Husic JB
TC 7
SO INT J HEAL MANAG
PY 2023
AB background : deployment of modern assistive technologies is one of the major
   trends . the main objective is the provisioning of the effectiveness and
   cost_estimation model for deploying assistive technology solutions in
   elderly care intended for evaluation and showing specificity to the costs
   and associated benefits of providing smart technological solutions for
   seniors . methods : the model uses demographic projections taken from
   eurostat for eu countries and the disability incidence from the annual
   report of the ministry of labor and social affairs of the czech republic as
   an input . the model was implemented in the software stella professional
   dedicated to system dynamics modeling . results : in relation to the
   combination of five assistive devices for the elderly the optimal solution
   the cost savings are 37.8 % or182 billion czk , cumulatively in the
   simulated time period 2021_2060. the model allows adjustments regarding
   price levels of various countries through the caregivers ' wage . obtained
   results showed robustness of the model to this uncertainty as percentage
   savings varied only from 37.6 % to 39.8 % , a mere 2.2 % difference .
   conclusion : with respect to the ongoing demographic transition , the need
   to employ smart device solutions should further increase and their price
   could decline . the highest savings will come from countries with higher
   wages for carers .
DE assistive technology; savings; activities of daily living; model; costs;
   efficiency

---

UT 218
AR Zhang XY, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13121084
TI Theoretical Analysis of Dynamic Effects of Supply Chain Concentration on
   Inventory Management Performance: A System Dynamics Approach
AU Zhang XY; Liu ML; Zheng XK; Gao S
TC 0
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB amid global supply chain volatility , inventory management performance ( imp
   ) is vital to manufacturing competitiveness . supply chain concentration (
   scc ) , including supplier concentration ( sc ) and customer concentration (
   cc ) , has emerged as a key structural factor influencing imp , yet its
   dynamic effects remain unclear . this study develops an original system
   dynamics ( sd ) model to analyze how sc and cc affect imp under linear and
   random demand patterns . the model incorporates in_transit stock ,
   work_in_process and inventory levels as key state variables , with sc and cc
   as exogenous inputs . using vensim ple 7.3.5 , simulation and sensitivity
   analyzes were conducted and validated with ten years of operational data
   from two chinese listed manufacturing enterprises . the results show that sc
   exerts an inverted you_shaped effect on imp , with an optimal threshold near
   50 % . cc displays a you_shaped impact under a linear demand but an unstable
   influence under a random demand and contributes less significantly than sc .
   the findings suggest that enterprises should adjust sc toward 50 % and
   manage cc flexibly according to demand patterns , prioritizing sc
   optimization . these findings provide both theoretical insights and
   managerial implications for the dynamic regulation of supplier_customer
   relationships and optimization of supply chain structures .
DE supplier concentration ( sc ); customer concentration ( cc ); quality of
   inventory control; financial performance; customer service level; system
   dynamics model ( sd )
ID customer-base concentration

---

UT 219
AR Turner BL, 2016, NAT RESOUR MODEL, V29, P179, DOI 10.1111/nrm.12087
TI DEVELOPMENT AND EVALUATION OF A SYSTEM DYNAMICS MODEL FOR INVESTIGATING
   AGRICULTURALLY DRIVEN LAND TRANSFORMATION IN THE NORTH CENTRAL UNITED STATES
AU Turner BL; Wuellner M; Nichols T; Gates R; Tedeschi LO; Dunn BH
TC 18
SO NAT RESOUR MODEL
PY 2016
AB land transformation from grassland to cropland in the northern great plains
   ( ngp ) has become a growing concern among many stakeholders . a growing
   body of work has sought to determine the amount and rate of land use change
   with less emphasis on the systemic structures or feedback processes of land
   use decisions . this paper presents the development of a system dynamics
   simulation model to integrate ecological , economic , and social components
   influencing land use decisions , including cattle ranching , cropland
   production , rural communities , land quality , and public policies .
   evaluation indicated that the model satisfactorily predicted historical land
   , agricultural commodity , and rural community data from the model structure
   . reference modes for key variables , including the farmland area , were
   characterized by a bias correction of 0.999 , root mean squared error of
   prediction of 0.053 , r_2 of 0.921 , and concordance correlation coefficient
   of 0.0959. the model was robust under extreme and varying sensitivity tests
   , as well as adequately predicting land use under changing system context .
   the model ' s major contributions were the inclusion of decision_making
   feedbacks from economic and social signals with connectivity to land quality
   and elasticity values that drive land transformation . limitations include
   lack of spatial input and output capabilities useful for visual interfacing
   .
DE land transformation; system dynamics; model development; model calibration;
   model evaluation; computer simulation; northern great plains; vensim
ID mental models; conversion; grasslands; plains

---

UT 220
AR De Silva MM, 2024, TRANSP POLIC, V147, P244, DOI
   10.1016/j.tranpol.2024.01.004
TI A system dynamics model for vehicle fleet transformation towards energy
   efficiency and low-carbon development: A case study of Sri Lanka and its
   strategies
AU De Silva MM; Herath OK; Nakayama T; Kumarage AS
TC 7
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2024
AB improving the energy efficiency of a vehicle fleet is a complex task that
   can be identified as having multiple variables and nonlinear feedback loops
   influenced by different mobility , socio_economical , and environmental
   factors . due to the prevailing concerns on the fuel economy and vehicular
   emissions , formulating a clear policy for electric and other alternative
   mobility forms requires a clear decision support tool to adequately consider
   the complexities involved . this paper presents a novel system dynamics ( sd
   ) approach based on the because_and_effect analysis and feedback loop
   structures as a suitable tool . the proposed sd model comprises four
   sub_models : socio_economic , new vehicle registrations , environmental
   influence , and fuel economy and e_mobility policy measures . the study
   presents the analysis of historical data and results from the impact
   analysis of fuel economy policies in sri lanka , including the introduction
   of electric mobility . the authors leveraged the vensim sd software package
   for modeling , expert_in_the_loop sensitivity analysis and optimization .
   three strategic fuel economy and e_mobility policy intervention scenarios
   have been developed to estimate the forecasted fuel economy for four_wheeled
   passenger vehicles ( fwpvs ) as per strategic interventions to change the
   fuel type of new vehicles registered . it is shown that hybrid and electric
   fwpvs can improve fuel economy by between 13 and 39 % by 2030 .
DE system dynamics; energy efficiency modeling; new vehicle registrations;
   vehicle ownership; e -mobility policies
ID ownership; policies; price

---

UT 221
AR Chen YL, 2025, BUILD, V15, DOI 10.3390/buildings15060949
TI What Kind of Policy Intensity Can Promote the Development of Intelligent
   Construction in Construction Enterprises?  Study Based on Evolutionary Games
   and System Dynamics Analysis
AU Chen YL; Shi YZ; Lin SZ; Ding MC
TC 1
SO BUILD
PY 2025
AB previous studies have focused on the fact that government policies are the
   key factors in promoting the development of intelligent construction in
   construction enterprises . however , how to select different forms of policy
   support and quantify the intensity of policy support , as well as the impact
   on the behavioral strategies of construction enterprises and the government
   , still needs in_depth exploration . this paper constructs an evolutionary
   game model between construction companies and the government , using the
   system dynamics simulation software vensim to analyze the model under three
   different government policy support scenarios . the study explores how
   varying levels of policy support and key factors influence the strategic
   choices of the game participants , providing valuable insights for promoting
   the development of intelligent construction . the key findings are as
   follows : ( 1 ) the willingness to adopt intelligent construction is heavily
   dependent on policy incentives . the incentive effect of the three single
   policies is much lower than that of the combined policies , and only
   high_intensity special fund support ( more than 8 cny / m2 ) significantly
   promotes widespread adoption . among combinations of policies , tax
   incentives coupled with special funds prove most effective . ( 2 ) the
   government ' s decision to actively promote intelligent construction hinges
   on a cost_benefit analysis . under medium to high levels of special fund
   support , medium to low levels of service support are more beneficial for
   reaching a stable state of intelligent construction implementation . ( 3 )
   reducing the incremental costs of intelligent construction transformation is
   the primary key factor in promoting construction . the findings contribute
   to a deeper understanding of how both the government and construction
   companies can adjust their strategies in response to policy changes ,
   ultimately leading to more effective policy implementation and strategic
   decision_making .
DE evolutionary game theory; intelligent construction; policy incentive;
   simulation modeling; system dynamics
ID industry 40; government; technologies

---

UT 222
AR McKnight US, 2013, ENVIRON MODELL SOFTW, V40, P35, DOI
   10.1016/j.envsoft.2012.07.007
TI A system dynamics model for the screening-level long-term assessment of
   human health risks at contaminated sites
AU McKnight US; Finkel M
TC 29
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2013
AB for the design of sustainable and cost_effective management strategies for
   contaminated sites , decision makers need appropriate tools , i . e .
   environmental decision support systems to assist them in the planning ,
   assessment , selection and optimization of possible alternatives . we
   propose a novel system dynamics model , caro_plus ( cost_efficiency analysis
   of remediation options ) , which provides estimates of current and future
   risks originating from soil and groundwater contamination . utilizing a
   source_pathway_receptor concept , the model particularly addresses the
   presence of multi_compound nonaqueous phase liquids in porous media , which
   have been identified as major sources of groundwater contamination at many
   of these sites . simplified approaches for the description of contaminant
   release and transport , as well as of exposure pathways for human health
   risk assessment , allow for a fast and effective screening model , which is
   particularly qualified to support early decisions within a tiered management
   approach at contaminated sites . caro_plus is applied to assess the
   long_term risks originating from a kerosene contamination at a former
   military airfield in germany . monte carlo simulations are performed to
   account for the large uncertainty in model parameters at early decision
   levels . the results of the application show that the implementation of
   monitored natural attenuation might be a feasible management strategy for
   the site , and provide guidance for additional , more detailed
   investigations . ( c ) 2012 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE system dynamics; edss; contaminated sites; risk-based land management;
   uncertainty; monitored natural attenuation; human health risk assessment;
   vensim
ID decision-support-systems; zone natural attenuation; hydrocarbon spill sites;
   sensitivity analysis; organic mixtures; uncertainty; lnapl; water;
   groundwater; remediation

---

UT 223
AR Li LH, 2025, APPL SCI-BASEL, V15, DOI 10.3390/app15084086
TI System Dynamics Simulation of Policy Synergy Effects: How Tradable Green
   Certificates and Carbon Emission Trading Shape Electricity Market
   Sustainability
AU Li LH; Song K; Xu WM; Jiang X; Guo CB
TC 3
SO APPL SCI-BASEL
PY 2025
AB with the rapid growth of global energy demand , the fossil fuel_dominated
   electric power industry has led to serious environmental problems . tradable
   green certificates ( tgc ) and carbon emission trading ( cet ) have become
   key mechanisms for promoting sustainable development of the electricity
   market by serving as market_oriented policy tools . to deeply analyze the
   impact of tgc and cet on the sustainable development of china ' s
   electricity market and provide a scientific basis for policymakers . this
   study uses system dynamics ( sd ) methods to construct a policy synergy
   analysis framework for tgc and cet . it explores the impact mechanism of
   dual policy incentives on the sustainable development of the electricity
   market . firstly , the current application status of tgc and cet in china
   was reviewed . based on the literature analysis , identify key factors that
   affect the sustainable development of the electricity market . then , by
   deconstructing the interaction between tgc policy and cet policy , an sd
   model was established that includes multidimensional feedback such as policy
   , technology , funding , and market , and the dynamic functional
   relationships in the sd model were quantified . finally , vensim ple
   software 7.3.2 was used to simulate the evolution of sustainable development
   in the electricity market under different policy scenarios . the research
   results indicate that ( 1 ) the adjustment of the tgc quota ratio can change
   the supply and demand mechanism to form a price leverage effect ,
   effectively stimulate the growth of renewable energy generation capacity ,
   and accelerate the low_carbon transformation of power enterprises . and ( 2
   ) the cet market changes the cost structure of power generation through
   carbon price signals . when the carbon emission cap target tightens , cet
   prices quickly rise , leading to a significant trend of carbon reduction in
   the electricity market . ( 3 ) the application of policy combinations can
   significantly promote the sustainable development of the electricity market
   , but the unreasonable setting of policy parameters can trigger market risks
   . therefore , policy design should focus on flexibility and implement
   appropriate policy combinations at different stages of electricity market
   development to promote green transformation while ensuring smooth market
   operation . this study innovatively reveals the synergistic effect of tgc
   and cet in the sustainable development of the electricity market from a
   systems theory perspective . the research results provide a scientific basis
   for decision_makers to formulate policy adjustment plans and have essential
   reference value for achieving the dual goals of energy structure
   transformation and electricity market stability .
DE tradable green certificate; carbon emission trading; electricity market;
   sustainable development; system dynamics
ID renewable energy; reduction; sweden; china; tgc

---

UT 224
AR Demczuk A, 2017, BIOMASS BIOENERG, V97, P186, DOI
   10.1016/j.biombioe.2016.12.021
TI Using system dynamics modeling to evaluate the feasibility of ethanol supply
   chain in Brazil: The role of sugarcane yield, gasoline prices and sales tax
   rates
AU Demczuk A; Padula AD
TC 39
SO BIOMASS BIOENERG
PY 2017
AB this paper explores how sugarcane yield , gasoline prices and sales tax
   rates affect the production and consumption of ethanol from sugarcane in
   brazil . the system dynamics model of the sugarcane and ethanol production
   chain explores the impact of these variables to evaluate the feasibility of
   ethanol production . using the vensim software different arrangements for
   sugarcane yield , gasoline prices and sales tax were simulated ( horizon of
   20 years ) . brazil ' s federal government policy of gasoline price below
   the international price and the diversity of state sales tax rates produce
   distortions in the ethanol market and impose considerable constraints on the
   development of the ethanol industry . the simulations show that to ensure
   the feasibility of ethanol production , the pump price of regular gasoline
   would need to be us $ 1.95 per liter , which is far higher than the us $
   1.26 per liter currently charged . public policies involving the
   liberalization of gasoline prices and the homogenization of the sales taxes
   on ethanol among the brazilian states could reduce the distortions caused by
   these policies . these policies could contribute to reduce uncertainty in
   the ethanol sector and encourage technological and productive investments .
   future research could add and evaluate the impacts of the environmental
   benefits of ethanol production and consumption ( carbon trade market ,
   payment for environmental services and bioelectricity production ) and of
   sugarcane byproducts on its feasibility . the sensitivity analysis revealed
   the effectiveness of the model to support policies and managerial
   decisionmaking process in the sugarcane ethanol sector . ( c ) 2016 elsevier
   ltd . all rights reserved .
DE system dynamics; ethanol supply chain; sugarcane yield; tax rates; gasoline
   prices; feasibility
ID sustainability assessment; renewable energy; environmental services; biofuel
   production; economic-analysis; biomass energy; co2 emissions; bioenergy;
   costs; optimization

---

UT 225
AR Shahbazi A, 2025, ENERGIES, V18, DOI 10.3390/en18092346
TI Assessment of Greenhouse Gas Reduction and Sustainability Index in Waste-to-
   Energy Conversion Scenarios Using System Dynamics Modeling
AU Shahbazi A; Moeinaddini M; Sinha R; Abdoli MA; Hosseinzadeh M; Fard NJH;
   Azizi S
TC 1
SO ENERGIES
PY 2025
AB this study aims to evaluate various waste_to_energy conversion scenarios in
   terms of their potential to reduce greenhouse gas ( ghg ) emissions and
   improve sustainability based on economic and environmental outcomes . to
   achieve this , a comprehensive waste management model was developed using
   the system dynamics approach in the vensim software to predict waste
   generation and composition and compare pyrolysis , incineration ,
   gasification , and sanitary landfill scenarios with the baseline scenario
   over 25 years ( 2025_2050 ) . the analysis of different waste management
   scenarios highlights the superior performance of pyrolysis in terms of
   energy recovery , economic profit , ghg emissions reduction , environmental
   outcomes , and long_term sustainability . results show that the pyrolysis
   scenario generates the highest electricity , with a cumulative net
   electricity output of 10,469 gwh . although pyrolysis has ghg emissions due
   to energy consumption and direct process emissions , it results in the
   largest net reduction in ghg emissions , primarily due to avoided emissions
   from increased electricity generation , leading to a 346 % reduction
   compared to the baseline scenario . furthermore , the pyrolysis scenario
   demonstrates the highest economic profit at 354 million usd and the highest
   sustainability index ( si ) at 499 million usd . the cumulative si from 2025
   to 2050 shows a 503 % increase compared to the business_as_usual scenario ,
   highlighting its superior sustainability performance . this study highlights
   the importance of strategic waste_to_energy planning in reducing ghg
   emissions and promoting sustainability . it also offers valuable insights
   for policymakers and researchers , supporting the development of sustainable
   waste management strategies and effective efforts for climate change
   mitigation .
DE waste-to-energy ( wte ); greenhouse gas ( ghg ) emissions; sustainability
   index ( si ); system dynamics modeling; climate-change mitigation
ID municipal solid-waste; life-cycle assessment; management; pyrolysis;
   technologies; gasification; feasibility; emissions

---

UT 226
AR Loo PS, 2026, LANCET REG HEAL, V57, DOI 10.1016/j.lana.2026.101449
TI Hypertension management in São Paulo: insights from a simulation
AU Loo PS; Silveira M; Baxter YC; Avezum A; Drager LF; Bortolotto LA; Boch J;
   Muñoz DC
TC 0
SO LANCET REG HEAL
PY 2026
AB background hypertension poses significant global health challenges ,
   especially in urban settings where systemic complexity exacerbates its
   burden . this study aimed to assess whether integrated intervention
   strategies , tested using a system dynamics model ( the simulator ) , can
   improve hypertension control and reduce cardiovascular disease ( cvd )
   events in s and atilde . o paulo , brazil . methods the simulator was
   constructed in stella architect to project the intervention impacts on
   hypertension outcomes . it quantifies a causal loop diagram using s and
   atilde . o paulo_specific data on hypertension prevalence , cascade of care
   , and cvd events over 2011_2045. validation comprised sensitivity and global
   sensitivity analyzes to assess uncertainty . findings the base scenario
   reflecting interventions introduced in 2018_2019 , showed improvements in
   screening and diagnosis compared to a no_intervention scenario . integrated
   interventions of patient engagement and health system improvements increased
   controlled cases by 41 % ( 95 % ui : 33 % to 47 % ) and reduced cvd events
   rates by 19 % ( ui : _29 % to_6 % ) at 15 years . these interventions
   heightened diagnostic and treatment demand , highlighting the need for
   expanded healthcare capacity . expanding this capacity further increased
   controlled cases by 44 % ( ui : 37 % to 53 % ) and reduced cvd events rates
   by 20 % ( ui : _31 % to_8 % ) . the most comprehensive scenario ,
   incorporating prevention measures , achieved a 44 % increase in controlled
   cases ( ui : 36 % to 53 % ) and a 22 % reduction in cvd events rates ( ui :
   _32 % to_10 % ) , showing long_term impacts of prevention . interpretation a
   combined strategy that engages patients , expands service capacity , and
   delays disease onset offers the greatest gains . it highlights the need to
   balance individual , systemic , and preventive approaches to reduce
   hypertension burdens in complex systems for health . future steps include
   institutionalizing the simulator within s and atilde . o paulo ' s municipal
   strategies , and adapting it to other latin american cities , fostering
   region_wide , evidence_based planning .
DE hypertension; s  and  atilde; o paulo; simulation; policy testing;
   cardiovascular diseases
ID care; prehypertension; expenditure; progression; population; risk

---

UT 227
AR Guo CB, 2025, APPL SCI-BASEL, V15, DOI 10.3390/app15105627
TI Research on the Implementation Effect of Incentive Policies for
   Prefabricated Buildings Based on System Dynamics: A Chinese Empirical Study
AU Guo CB; Yan WD; Guo ZX
TC 1
SO APPL SCI-BASEL
PY 2025
AB incentive policies for prefabricated buildings ( pbip ) can effectively
   promote the development of prefabricated buildings ( pb ) and improve the
   sustainability of the construction industry , attracting increasing
   attention from academia and industry . the government has issued many pbips
   ( including land policy , plot ratio reward policy , fund policy , financial
   support policy , preferential tax policy , research and development support
   policy , and construction process management policy ) but the implementation
   effect of pbip remains to be clarified , especially regarding the research
   gap from a dynamic perspective . this study proposes an analytical framework
   of policy implementation effect based on the chain of ' ' policy text
   content_policy impact path_policy implementation effect ' ' , aiming to
   analyze the implementation stage and effect of pbips using the system theory
   analysis method . combining the main factors affecting the pbip impact
   system , a quantitative model containing 50 variables is established based
   on the system dynamics ( sd ) model . finally , using shenyang , one of
   china ' s first pb pilot cities , as an example , the system simulation and
   sensitivity analysis of main parameters are carried out in vensim software .
   the research results indicate that pbip in shenyang has not been fully
   utilized and targeted improvements and strengthened implementation of pbip
   are needed . in the simulation of individual policies , the implementation
   effect of fund policy is the best , and the impact of research and
   development support policy on carbon reduction is the most significant . the
   promotional effect of the policy combination on pb development is more
   prominent . using the policy combination reasonably is necessary to leverage
   the incentive effect fully . simulation and sensitivity analysis results
   provide valuable insights for government departments to enhance the
   implementation effectiveness of the existing pbip . this study responds to
   the global trend of promoting sustainable building development . it proposes
   a new framework for systematically analyzing the implementation effects of
   pbips , filling the research gap in policy evaluation from a dynamic
   perspective . its methods and findings are not only applicable to the
   chinese context but also provide valuable experience for other countries to
   develop and optimize pbips .
DE prefabricated buildings; incentive policies; policy tools; implementation
   effect; system dynamics; dynamic simulation; government intervention
ID construction; impact

---

UT 228
AR Shamsuddoha M, 2025, LOGIST, V9, DOI 10.3390/logistics9040171
TI System Dynamics Modeling of the Jute Stick Charcoal (JSC) Supply Chain:
   Logistics and Policy Strategies for Sustainable Rural Industrialization in
   Bangladesh
AU Shamsuddoha M; Hossain AI; Dewan I; Nur KF
TC 0
SO LOGIST
PY 2025
AB background : jute , recognized as the ' golden fiber ' of bangladesh ,
   produces a substantial amount of stick left over ( waste ) , a byproduct of
   the fiber . usually , unused jute sticks ( js ) are thrown away or burned ,
   since they are treated as landfill or unusable waste . noteworthy research
   gaps exist in the farming process , infrastructure , [ supply chains ] ,
   unfavorable policies , government interference , and insufficient farmers '
   knowledge of the export market . this research examines the potential of
   jute stick charcoal ( jsc ) as a sustainable and value_added product within
   the circular economy framework . methods : this study employs a system
   dynamics ( sd ) modeling approach to examine how various factors , including
   agricultural output , supply chain process efficiency , trade flows , and
   relevant variables , influence jsc supply chain performance . considering
   technologies , logistics , and policy variables , this study constructed a
   simulation model with three scenarios : current , worst_case , and improved
   , using vensim dss to identify system behavior under changing conditions .
   results : the simulation indicates that optimizing idle jute resources ,
   enhancing supply chain processes , and expanding markets can increase
   economic returns , reduce waste , and create more rural jobs , particularly
   for women . conclusions : enhanced coordination , technologies , and
   logistics can reduce carbon emissions , benefit farmers , support rural
   industries , and contribute to sdgs 8 , 12 , and 13 .
DE jute; supply chain; jute stick; charcoal; circular economy; production;
   system dynamics; agro-waste; simulation; modeling; sustainability;
   bangladesh
ID grass-roots innovations; transitions; energy

---

UT 229
AR Bocanegra LAF, 2010, REV EDUC ING, V5, P158
TI Dynamics and structures that characterize the market behavior of residential
   broad band Internet services in Colombia
AU Bocanegra LAF; Gallón L
TC 0
SO REV EDUC ING
PY 2010
AB this article presents some of the final results obtained in the research
   project ' ' model of broadband access market for residential internet
   service in colombia : an approach from the systems dynamics ' ' . it
   particularly emphasizes the dynamics and structures that characterize the
   market and could be identified from the flows and levels diagram and the
   simulations with vensim ple , specializing software in the implementation of
   the dynamic systems approach .
DE system dynamics; broadband; ict markets

---

UT 230
AR Bigdeli E, 2020, KYBERNETES, V49, P2521, DOI 10.1108/K-05-2019-0358
TI A dynamic model of effective factors on Agile business-IT alignment
AU Bigdeli E; Motadel M; Eshlaghy AT; Radfar R
TC 7
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2020
AB purpose this paper aims to present a dynamic model based on casual
   relationships among the most important effective factors on business_it
   alignment in agile businesses by using system dynamics modeling approach .
   design / methodology / approach to study the most important factors on
   agility and alignment , the data were collected by questionnaires filled by
   201 experts and were analyzed by spss and pls . casual relationships among
   studied factors and efficiency coefficients of each factor were identified
   by fuzzy dematel technique and analyzed by matlab and excell . finally , the
   dynamic model was plotted by vensim . findings according to the results ,
   only ' ' learning it capabilities ' ' are the most important casual factor
   that has the highest influence on the other factors . ' ' business
   responding capabilities ' ' take the highest effect from the system , and '
   ' business sensing capabilities ' ' are in the next rank . practical
   implications this study underpins effective it deployment toward developing
   efficient it capabilities to gain greater agility . originality / value the
   dynamic capabilities view ( dcv ) has emerged as an influential theoretical
   and management framework in modern is and agility researches . in this
   regard , we propose a conceptualization of dynamic capabilities in the form
   of an alignment model . based on the dynamic capabilities , and on the
   alignment perspectives found in henderson and venkatraman ' s seminal model
   , it alignment is modeled as a process of reconfiguration of the firm ' s it
   and organizational resources , competencies and capabilities .
DE alignment; agility; dynamic capabilities; it architecture; system dynamics;
   fuzzy dematel technique
ID information-technology capability; organizational agility; firm performance;
   system dynamics; competitive advantage; strategic alignment; enterprise
   agility; perspective; evolution; link

---

UT 231
AR Rafiei S, 2018, J EDUC HEAL PROMOT, V7, DOI 10.4103/jehp.jehp_35_16
TI Forecasting the shortage of neurosurgeons in Iran using a system dynamics
   model approach
AU Rafiei S; Daneshvaran A; Abdollahzade S
TC 4
SO J EDUC HEAL PROMOT
PY 2018
AB context : shortage of physicians particularly in specialty levels is
   considered as an important issue in iran health system . thus , in an
   uncertain environment , long_term planning is required for health
   professionals as a basic priority on a national scale . aims : this study
   aimed to estimate the number of required neurosurgeons using system dynamic
   modeling . setting and design : system dynamic modeling was applied to
   predict the gap between stock and number of required neurosurgeons in iran
   up to 2020 . subjects and methods : a supply and demand simulation model was
   constructed for neurosurgeons using system dynamic approach . the demand
   model included epidemiological , demographic , and utilization variables
   along with supply model_incorporated current stock of neurosurgeons and flow
   variables such as attrition , migration , and retirement rate . statistical
   analysis used : data were obtained from various governmental databases and
   were analyzed by vensim ple version 3.0 to address the flow of health
   professionals , clinical infrastructure , population demographics , and
   disease prevalence during the time . results : it was forecasted that
   shortage in number of neurosurgeons would disappear at 2020 . the most
   dominant determinants on predicted number of neurosurgeons were the
   prevalence of neurosurgical diseases , the rate for service utilization ,
   and medical capacity of the region . conclusions : shortage of neurosurgeons
   in some areas of the country relates to maldistribution of the specialists .
   accordingly , there is a need to reconsider the allocation system for health
   professionals within the country instead of increasing the overall number of
   acceptance quota in training positions .
DE demand; forecast; shortage; supply; system dynamics
ID medical specialists; health

---

UT 232
AR Cheng BQ, 2022, ENVIRON MANAGE, V70, P666, DOI 10.1007/s00267-022-01617-8
TI Improving Contractors' Participation of Resource Utilization in Construction
   and Demolition Waste through Government Incentives and Punishments
AU Cheng BQ; Huang JL; Li JC; Chen SH; Chen HH
TC 53
SO ENV MANAG
PY 2022
AB this paper develops a simulation model for analyzing how government
   incentives and punishments improve contractors ' participation in resource
   utilization of construction and demolition waste ( rucdw ) based on system
   dynamics theory . the construction industry ' s long_term objective is to
   become more sustainable and resource_effective , and as part of this
   objective , generated construction and demolition waste should be recycled
   and resource utilized . however , most contractors have little willingness
   to engage in rucdw because it increases their costs . the government thus
   plays a vital role in improving their participation in rucdw through a range
   of educational tools such as advertisements , professional training ,
   incentives , and punishments . among these approaches , incentives and
   punishments are considered the most effective because they directly change
   project costs . we use the vensim software package for numerical simulation
   and data collected from suzhou , china are used to demonstrate and validate
   the developed model . simulation results show that the government can
   improve contractors ' participation in rucdw through three kinds of
   incentives and punishments : ( 1 ) subsidizing rucdw . ( 2 ) increasing
   landfill fees . and 3 ) issuing fines for illegal dumping . comprehensive
   application of multiple policies has a stronger effect than single policies
   . the established model is therefore a valuable tool for assessing the
   dynamic effects of government incentives and punishments on rucdw ahead of
   implementation , which can provide guidance for policymakers .
DE government incentives and punishments; resource utilization; construction
   and demolition waste; system dynamics; sustainable construction
ID system dynamics model; decision-making; environmental performance; reduction
   management; fee; willingness; simulation; challenges; policies; impacts

---

UT 233
AR Jerden J, 2024, APPL GEOCHEM, V167, DOI 10.1016/j.apgeochem.2024.106002
TI The impact of geochemical and life-cycle variables on carbon dioxide removal
   by enhanced rock weathering: Development and application of the Stella ERW
   model
AU Jerden J; Mejbel M; Zamuner AN; Carroll M; Campe J
TC 11
SO APPL GEOCHEM
PY 2024
AB the carbon dioxide removal ( cdr ) potential of enhanced rock weathering (
   erw ) depends on dynamic interactions between several biogeochemical and
   life_cycle variables . this paper reports results from a systems model
   developed to account for key variable interactions and provide a
   computational tool for optimizing erw applications . we discuss the model
   development , comparisons with laboratory and field test data , and results
   from a series of sensitivity analyzes for several hypothetical erw
   applications . the simulations were performed using a model developed in
   stella architect , an object_oriented systems dynamics modeling code . the
   model tracks the amount of carbon dioxide consumed by the weathering of a
   user_specified mass of rock powder in a soil environment . the primary model
   variables are : rock powder particle size distribution , soil ph , soil
   temperature , soil pore water saturation index , and a biological weathering
   factor . the rock bulk composition is also a key variable as it defines the
   enhanced weathering potential of the rock powder . life cycle variables such
   as carbon emissions from mining , rock crushing , and transport are also
   quantified . the model predictions are consistent with measured data . it
   predicts cdr values ranging from 1 to 12 t co2 ha ( _1 ) ( depending on
   conditions ) for single applications of 20_40 t of rock ha ( _1 ) over a
   10_year interval . applying the model to a hypothetical large_scale erw
   campaign in which basalt rock powder is applied to 25 % and 75 % of
   brazilian cropland results in cdr values of 0.15 and 0.5 gt co2 over ten
   years , respectively ( for a single application ) . model results show that
   combinations of suboptimal rock type ( i . e . , low concentrations of
   divalent cations and slow weathering rates for field conditions ) and
   suboptimal life_cycle variables ( i . e . , high vehicle emission factors
   and long rock transport distances ) can result in net positive co2 emissions
   for some hypothetical erw scenarios . it is , therefore , emphasized that
   the quantitative co_optimization of geochemical , biological , and
   life_cycle variables is essential in the planning stages of erw applications
   .
DE enhanced rock weathering; carbon dioxide removal; mineral weathering; life-
   cycle assessment; modeling
ID sao-paulo state; ground basalt; co2 removal; chemical-properties; silicate
   minerals; atmospheric co2; sequestration; dissolution; release; agriculture

---

UT 234
AR Orji IJ, 2015, J MANUF TECHNOL MANAG, V26, P1201, DOI
   10.1108/JMTM-11-2014-0120
TI Dynamic modeling of sustainable operation in green manufacturing environment
AU Orji IJ; Wei S
TC 20
SO J MANUF TECHNOL MANAG
PY 2015
AB purpose_globally , supply chains compete in a complex and rapidly changing
   environment . hence , sustainable supplier selection has become a decisive
   variable in the firm ' s financial success . this requires reliable tools
   and techniques to enhance understanding on how supplier behavior evolves
   with time and to select the best sustainable supplier . system dynamics ( sd
   ) is an approach to investigate the dynamic behavior in which the system
   alterations correspond to the system variable changes . fuzzy logic usually
   solves the challenges of imprecise data and ambiguous human judgment . the
   paper aims to discuss these issues . design / methodology / approach_this
   work presents a novel modeling approach for integrating information on
   supplier behavior in fuzzy environment with sd simulation modeling technique
   . this results in a more reliable and responsible decision_support system .
   supplier behavior with respect to relevant sustainability criteria were
   sourced through expert interviews and simulated in vensim to select the best
   possible sustainable supplier . the simulation runs were carried out in four
   scenarios , namely , past , current , future and average time horizon for
   four different suppliers . a multi_criteria decision_making model was
   presented to compare results from the systems dynamics model . findings_an
   increase in the rate of investment in sustainability by the different
   suppliers causes an exponential increase in total sustainability performance
   of the suppliers . the growth rate of the total performance of suppliers
   outruns their rate of investment in sustainability after about 12 months .
   originality / value_while a significant work exists regarding supplier
   selection , little work has been found that investigates how to insure
   sustainable suppliers maintain their status for a long period of time .
DE supplier evaluation; simulation
ID supplier selection; system dynamics; performance; simulation; topsis

---

UT 235
AR Yan B, 2017, RAIRO-OPER RES, V51, P763, DOI 10.1051/ro/2016054
TI INVENTORY MANAGEMENT MODELS IN CLUSTER SUPPLY CHAINS BASED ON SYSTEM
   DYNAMICS
AU Yan B; Wu JW/1; Liu LF; Chen QQ
TC 5
SO RAIRO-OPER RES
PY 2017
AB this study introduces the methods of supply chain inventory management into
   the cluster supply chains and proposes the implementation of supply chain
   inventory management strategies under this circumstance . first , we analyze
   the system behavior patterns of the co_operation planning , forecasting and
   replenishment ( cpfr ) , vendor_managed inventory ( vmi ) , and jointly
   managed inventory ( jmi ) models of cluster supply chains . therefore , we
   establish the inventory management models of cpfr , vmi and jmi in cluster
   supply chains . these models are simulated by vensim software . the
   simulation results show that compared with those in the vmi and jmi models ,
   the inventory fluctuations of manufacturers , wholesalers and retailers in
   the cpfr model correspond . the total inventory is reduced while its
   stability is greatly improved . therefore , the application of cpfr in
   cluster supply chains can effectively restrain the bullwhip effect , reduce
   the inventory and improve the efficiency of the entire supply chain .
DE inventory management; cluster supply chains; system dynamics; cpfr; vmi
ID lead time; simulation; impact; strategies; network

---

UT 236
AR Sun HH, 2022, BUILD, V12, DOI 10.3390/buildings12091361
TI Modelling and Optimizing Resource Management and Environmental Benefit of
   Construction and Demolition Waste: A Case Study in China
AU Sun HH; Liu HM/1; Tian JJ; Guo R; Xu Q; Yao L; Hong WM; Li HY; Zhu CH
TC 9
SO BUILD
PY 2022
AB with the continuous promotion of urbanization , the generation of
   construction and demolition waste ( cdw ) is increasing . the environmental
   problems and safety hazards caused as a result need to be resolved . in this
   paper , based on the system dynamics ( sd ) theory , the modeling , the cost
   , and the environmental benefit of cdw resource management under the life
   cycle assessment ( lca ) are proposed . specifically , we propose a combined
   policy derived through three variables , namely , fines , subsidies , and
   charges . the target is to reduce illegal dumping behavior and landfill
   volume and to improve the recycling volume and environmental benefits . the
   model is constructed with the help of the software vensim , and the validity
   and feasibility of the model are demonstrated with data from nantong city .
   the results show that a single policy can not simultaneously improve
   environmental benefits , illegal dumping , recycling , and landfill behavior
   . a combined policy combines the advantages of three single policies , fines
   , subsidies , and charges , which not only can effectively curb illegal
   dumping and landfill disposal under the premise of prioritizing
   environmental benefits , but can also promote the recycling of cdw . the
   reasonable range for the fine is 300_350 cny / ton . the rational range for
   subsidies is 30_40 cny / ton . and the flexible range for treatment charge
   is 40_80 cny / ton . the model can be used for the quantitative assessment
   of urban cdw management costs and environmental benefits and can also
   provide a theoretical basis for the government .
DE construction and demolition waste ( cdw ); system dynamics ( sd ); resource
   management; environmental benefit; life-cycle assessment ( lca )
ID system dynamics model; life-cycle assessment; highrise buildings; current
   situation; generation rates; impact; state

---

UT 237
AR Hsieh YH, 2010, KYBERNETES, V39, P1128, DOI 10.1108/03684921011062746
TI Modeling service experience design processes with customer expectation
   management A system dynamics perspective
AU Hsieh YH; Yuan ST
TC 19
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2010
AB purpose_the purpose of this paper is to propose a conceptual framework of
   customer expectation management and a reference model of service experience
   design which are regarded as the basic foundation to model the processes of
   service experience design for service operation strategies simulating and
   testing by employing a system dynamics approach . design / methodology /
   approach_system dynamics is the key approach which includes causal loop
   diagrams and stock and flow diagrams used to build the reference model of
   experience design . simulations of the processes of service experience
   design have also been implemented by vensim ( r ) . findings_it is found
   that the proposed reference model involving customer expectation management
   can successfully capture the key elements of the service experience design
   within service operation strategies . the system dynamics approach can
   effectively enable a macro viewpoint of service experience design for
   service operation strategies and policies . practical implications_with the
   proposed reference model of service experience design and the system
   dynamics modeling approach , service providers can not only comprehensively
   examine the processes of service experience design in detail but also
   accomplish the strategies testing and simulating . hence , service providers
   can make correct decisions to achieve the business goals via the simulation
   results beforehand . originality / value_this paper contributes to analyze
   and combine the idea of customer expectation management with service
   experience design and give rise to a unique reference model of service
   experience design that is shown to be valuable to service operation
   strategies testing and simulating based on the system dynamics perspective .
DE design; customer behavior; expectation; cybernetics; customer service
   management
ID satisfaction; technology

---

UT 238
AR Yao H, 2014, INT J CONSTR MANAG, V14, P67, DOI 10.1080/15623599.2014.899125
TI Simulation model for identifying effective policy in mitigating noise
   emissions from highway projects
AU Yao H; Hao JL
TC 3
SO INT J CONSTR MANAG
PY 2014
AB this paper develops a simulation model for the assessment of noise emissions
   from highway projects . the model is implemented by utilizing the system
   dynamics approach and ithink software package . the paper introduces the
   dynamic factors affecting the level of noise emissions by referring to the
   relevant feasibility studies of highway projects . a real highway project is
   presented to demonstrate the application of the simulation model in
   assessing the level of noise emissions of the project . the case study is
   used to explore the solutions for improving poor noise emissions performance
   through different policy scenarios . this study shows that system dynamics
   approach can not only support analysis of impact of dynamic interactions
   between various factors affecting noise emissions from highway project , but
   is also capable of providing solutions for effectively controlling noise
   emissions .
DE system dynamics; ithink; highway noise; simulation model; policy scenarios

---

UT 239
AR Luo KK, 2018, LAT APPL RES, V48, P235
TI SCENARIO ANALYSIS OF LOW CARBON ENTERPRISES IN SICHUAN PROVINCE BASED ON
   NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING HIERARCHICAL DYNAMIC MODEL
AU Luo KK; Zhang LM
TC 0
SO LAT APPL RES
PY 2018
AB low carbon economy has gradually become a hot topic in all walks of life .
   in order to analyze the development trend of low_carbon enterprises in
   sichuan province , this paper first uses the principle of system dynamics ,
   combined with economics and mathematical statistics . and all of that has
   been realized according to the method of cognitive calculation ,
   comprehensive analysis and processing of data , adopting a large_scale
   sampling survey , screening samples , and using natural language processing
   model . it deals with an analysis of the results to meet the development
   needs of low carbon enterprises in sichuan province . aiming to analyze the
   development capability of low carbon enterprises in sichuan province , the
   computer simulation model of vensim ple , a special simulation software for
   system dynamics , was established . in order to analyze the development
   trend of sichuan low_carbon enterprises more effectively , this paper also
   uses the ahp method of qualitative analysis and quantitative analysis to
   evaluate the development ability of sichuan low_carbon enterprises . by
   comparing the simulation results , the good application prospect of system
   dynamics in scenario analysis of low carbon enterprises is verified .
DE low-carbon enterprises; analytic hierarchy process; system dynamics
ID policy

---

UT 240
AR Marreros RRA, 2021, INT J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL, V12, P620
TI Study of Post-COVID-19 Employability in Peru through a Dynamic Model,
   Between 2020 and 2025
AU Marreros RRA; Dionisio KVN; Tuanama LAR; Gutarra JAQ; Andrade-Arenas L
TC 2
SO INT J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL
PY 2021
AB the research work is focused on the sector of the population that will have
   a job , taking into account that the pandemic was a problem that resulted in
   many people losing their jobs due to the economic crisis that affected all
   countries because the first half of the year 2020 the equivalent of 400
   million full_time jobs were lost and there was a 14 % drop in working hours
   worldwide , also in lima 1.2 million people were left without work . for
   this reason , a dynamic analysis was developed for the projection of
   post_covid19 employability in peru from 2020 to 2025 to obtain an
   approximate knowledge of the population ' s labor outlook , implementing
   system dynamics as a methodology since it includes this recommendation ,
   given that any model built through its application will be based on the
   opinion of those involved in the system to be represented . in this work ,
   system dynamics is presented as a very useful methodology for the analysis
   of complex problems , developing the forrester and causal diagram with the
   help of vensim software . as a result , the approximate number of jobs that
   will be available was visualized , and it was observed that the future of
   employability will be at risk , which is why a good government strategy is
   necessary so that this does not happen since people need to satisfy their
   professional , economic and development needs .
DE employability; forrester diagram; population; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 241
AR Oesterreich TD, 2020, J MODEL MANAG, V15, P232, DOI 10.1108/JM2-01-2019-0002
TI Integrating system dynamics and VoFI for the dynamic visualization of
   financial implications arising from IT and IS investments
AU Oesterreich TD; Teuteberg F
TC 5
SO J MODEL MANAG
PY 2020
AB purpose despite the advantages that the vofi approach offers compared with
   traditional capital budgeting methods , its application for the appraisal of
   information technology ( it ) and information systems ( is ) investments in
   both research and practice is not widespread to date . given the static
   nature of the generic vofi table , the method reaches its limits in its
   financial plan form because it is unable to investigate the dynamic behavior
   of complex investment calculations . to date , there has been no attempt to
   address these shortcomings to advance the use of vofi as a useful and valid
   capital budgeting method in finance and accounting . therefore , the purpose
   of this study is to address this research gap and aim at developing a '
   dynamic ' vofi model that integrates all input variables and target measures
   of a vofi table and visualizes the causal relationships among these
   variables . design / methodology / approach the ' dynamic ' vofi model is
   developed through system dynamics ( sd ) modeling to enhance the strength of
   the vofi concept as an instrument for visualizing the financial implications
   of investments in it and is at the corporate level . case study research is
   used as a research method to study the behavior of the developed model . the
   validity of the model is demonstrated by conducting simulation runs in
   vensim software . in addition , probabilistic sensitivity analyzes are
   performed to account for the impact of uncertainty on the main model
   variables . findings the results demonstrate the usefulness of sd modeling
   for extending the generic vofi concept by integrating risk analyzes and
   providing a new strategy of data analysis and data presentation different
   from the typical financial plan form . furthermore , the dynamic vofi model
   enables the visualization of interdependencies among the various variables
   incorporated in the vofi financial plan , which significantly enhances the
   conceptual understanding of the investment and its financial consequences .
   originality / value the integration of the vofi concept into an sd model
   helps researchers and practitioners to enhance their conceptual
   understanding of this method . this thus increases its acceptance and
   popularity as a practical capital budgeting method , especially for the
   financial assessment of it and is investments . the vofi model proposed in
   this paper should also enable analysts and decision makers to become more
   conscious of the interdependencies between the assumptions made for an
   appraisal and the quantitative results .
DE information-systems; decision-making; risk analysis; financial analysis;
   modeling; simulation; dynamic vofi; investment appraisal; capital budgeting;
   system dynamics
ID information; transparency; strategy; thinking; support; design

---

UT 242
AR Pang SL, 2022, COMPUT INTELL NEUROSCI, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/9776138
TI System Dynamics Models of Online Lending Platform Based on Vensim Simulation
   Technology and Analysis of Interest Rate Evolution Trend
AU Pang SL; Deng C/1; Chen SS
TC 5
SO COMPUT INTELL NEUROSCI
PY 2022
AB this paper mainly focuses on the construction of a system dynamics model of
   an online lending platform and the application of vensim simulation
   technology in the analysis of the evolution trend of the investment interest
   rate . the system dynamics flow graph models of the investment subsystem ,
   loan subsystem , and interest rate subsystem of the online lending platform
   were innovatively constructed . the level variable , flow rate variable ,
   auxiliary variable , and mathematical relations between these variables as
   they relate to the platform were innovatively studied . based on the key
   variables of the online lending platform , a system dynamics model of the
   online lending platform was innovatively constructed . the parameters were
   assigned using data from china ' s online lending industry , and the logical
   consistency , sensitivity , and validity of the simulation data of the
   system dynamics model were tested . finally , we used vensim simulation
   technology to simulate and analyze the impact of emergency scenarios on the
   interest rate evolution trend . overall , this paper provides a scientific
   simulation technology and data analysis method for examining online lending
   platforms .
ID peer

---

UT 243
AR Karamouz M, 2021, J IRRIG DRAIN ENG-ASCE, V147, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)IR.1943-4774.0001550
TI Dynamics of Water Allocation: Tradeoffs between Allocator's and Farmers'
   Benefits of Irrigation Practices
AU Karamouz M; Barkhordari H; Ebrahimi E
TC 4
SO J IRRIG DRAIN ENG-ASCE
PY 2021
AB water dependencies and agricultural expansion have led to a remarkable
   increase in water demand . proper management of water supply and demand is a
   crucial challenge in planning for sustainable development . because the
   prevailing water allocation system in developing countries is based on low
   tariffs , particularly in the agricultural sector , a robust accounting can
   not be implemented . the objective of this paper is to investigate the
   economic value of a change from gravity to drip irrigation using groundwater
   resources . it is implemented in the rafsanjan plain , in central iran ,
   where the irrigation practices lead to unsustainable use of groundwater . in
   this area , the allocator ( water authority board ) is a governmental agency
   that can receive funding from other governmental agencies to affect water
   use policies . considering the benefits accrued to the allocator and farmers
   ( benefit for all agricultural water uses ) , the optimal investment in
   converting gravity irrigation systems to drip irrigation is determined . an
   economic framework is proposed with two simulation models [ water evaluation
   and planning ( weap ) and vensim ] to evaluate the dynamics of the water use
   benefits . according to the results , with expenditures of $ 65 million /
   year over a 25_year horizon , the discounted benefit to allocator and
   farmers in the year 2011 would be $ 60.48 and $ 911.9 million , respectively
   . the framework outlined can provide a mechanism to allocate water in a more
   precise way as well as to determine the economic value of water in the
   agricultural sector . the proposed methodology can be applied to other
   geographic settings .
DE water allocation; economic assessment; system dynamics; water supply and
   demand
ID system dynamics; resources; driven; model

---

UT 244
AR Luan WX, 2010, CHINESE GEOGR SCI, V20, P398, DOI 10.1007/s11769-010-0413-5
TI Simulating Mechanism of Interaction Between Ports and Cities Based on System
   Dynamics: A Case of Dalian, China
TC 13
SO CHIN GEOGR SCI
PY 2010
AB port_city system is a complex and integral system , and it can be simulated
   by system dynamic method , which is used to be employed to solve nonlinear
   problems . based on the causality of the every element in the port_city
   system , the authors analyzed the feedback relation and logical relation
   among the system variables and system structure . a system_dynamic flow
   chart and correlation equations were put forward with vensim software , the
   quantitative relation was described , and the model was debugged . the
   development trend of the main influence factors in port_city system was
   simulated . by changing the parameters values of variables in the model , we
   studied the influence degree of each related factor . it is found that : 1 )
   foreign trade throughput of port play an important role in the development
   of export_oriented economy . 2 ) the development of primary industry and
   secondary industry affects most of the water transportation demand . with
   the constant increase of tertiary industry proportion in the industrial
   structure , the demand of national economy for water transportation
   decreases gradually . 3 ) water transportation presents a kind of oversupply
   development situation , so port construction should properly slow down . 4 )
   with the development of ports , its direct and indirect contribution to
   urban economy has been continuously increasing , but contribution rate will
   be continuously decreasing .
DE port-city; system dynamics; dalian; china

---

UT 245
AR Polo DRM, 2014, DIMENS EMPRES, V12, P36
TI MODEL IMPLEMENTATION OF ICT IN THE SECTOR OF TRANSPORTATION IN BARRANQUILLA
   CITY USING DYNAMIC SYSTEMS
AU Polo DRM; Ojeda JAS; Caballero LEP; Palma HGH
TC 0
SO DIMENS EMPRES
PY 2014
AB through the implementation of information technologies and communication ,
   it is intended to greatly reduce the instability caused by factors in the
   transportation system . the goal is to design a model of the transport
   sector in the city of barranquilla with ict implementation using system
   dynamics . to fulfill this objective we used the system dynamics as a
   methodological tool to interpret the characteristics of the system in
   question and determine the interactions of its factors and structures that
   shape organizational behavior and processes of production management
   services . the model applied is the management and structural relations are
   the key points of its construction , then proposes the construction of
   causal diagrams or forrester diagrams which are implemented in vensim
   simulation software to build models that allow through causal diagrams or
   text version . by obtaining this model proposes an improvement in mobility
   as a solution to traffic jams caused by natural phenomena such as streams or
   those caused by the peak hours .
DE system dynamics; modeling; methodological tools; organizational behavior

---

UT 246
AR Kiani B, 2009, INT J QUAL RELIAB MA, V26, P685, DOI
   10.1108/02656710910975750
TI System dynamics approach to analysing the cost factors effects on cost of
   quality
AU Kiani B; Shirouyehzad H; Bafti FK; Fouladgar H
TC 54
SO INT J QUAL RELIAB MANAG
PY 2009
AB purpose_the purpose of this paper is to propose a model for analyzing the
   influence of costs of quality . design / methodology / approach_a model is
   designed by using a causal loop diagram and is analyzed through a system
   dynamics approach . the model simulation is prepared by vensim software .
   findings_prevention and appraisal costs are the two effective cost factors .
   the model represented in this paper reveals that prevention costs have the
   most effect on total cost of quality and especially external failure costs .
   hence , in order to achieve the customer expected quality level , prevention
   and appraisal costs should be considered . research limitations /
   implications_calculating and measuring non_conformance costs is very
   difficult in organizations and some errors and mistakes may happen .
   practical implications_a system dynamics approach can analyze and measure
   the amount of prevention cost effects on cost of quality in different
   organizations . originality / value_the proposed methodology demonstrates
   the use of an innovative approach in developing a cost of quality concept
   and constructing a practical framework for system dynamics in a real case .
DE quality costs; modeling; business analysis; organizational processes

---

UT 247
AR Quispe D, 2023, ECOL APL, V22, P113, DOI 10.21704/rea.v22i2.2087
TI MODEL OF VICUNA-SHEEP INTERACTION IN RESERVA NACIONAL PAMPA GALERAS
AU Quispe D; Quispe J
TC 0
SO ECOL APL
PY 2023
AB the highland is the habitat of the camelids . the vicu na is the smallest
   wild camelid with a fine fiber . the reserva nacional pampa galeras_barbara
   d'achille ( rnpg ) in peru has been home to vicunas since ancient times ,
   where the vicunas coexist with domestic animals . the objective of this
   research was to analyze the effect that the presence of sheep population
   generates on the temporal stability of the vicuna population in the rnpg
   under the system dynamics approach . the methodology consisted of using a
   socio_ecological model that considers the main relationships of the
   ecosystem and four scenarios were proposed , the first considers variations
   in the variables associated with the sheep ( food consumption by the sheep
   and time spent in the reserve ) and three scenarios considering changes in
   precipitation ( permanent rainfall of different intensity , rainfall with
   periodic maximum and minimum pulses and random rainfall ) using stella
   software . the main results indicate that the population of sheep does not
   directly influence of the vicuna population because the behavior of vicunas
   in all scenarios tends to self_regulate over time ( 10 years ) . the sheep
   population shows temporal permanence in the rnpg . and their presence is
   inversely associated with the rainy season , which suggests that the rural
   families access the reserve to marginally use the pastures during the dry
   season .
DE socio-ecological model; competition; stability; interaction; domesticated
   animals
ID productivity; challenges; management

---

UT 248
AR Woo TH/2, 2015, ANN NUCL ENERGY, V81, P91, DOI 10.1016/j.anucene.2015.03.016
TI Social networking-based simulations for nuclear security: Strategy
   assessment following nuclear cyber terror on South Korean nuclear power
   plants (NPPs)
AU Woo TH/2; Kwak SM
TC 6
SO ANN NUCL ENERGY
PY 2015
AB nuclear energy has been studied for the secure power productions , which is
   based on the simulation study following the incident of nuclear cyber terror
   attack on south korean nuclear power plants ( npps ) . the social networking
   is used for the terror incident modeling and its prevention strategies . the
   nuclear industry could be investigated in the aspect of minimizing the
   dangerous situations caused by possible terror attacks which are considered
   by the society oriented connectivity among the related people or groups .
   the social networking circle by system dynamics diagram ( sncsd ) is
   constructed , where the configuration of a model social networking example
   by system dynamics ( sd ) is applied . from a to h regions , the values are
   obtained by the random numbers incorporated with the designed algorithms .
   the results show the comparative values of terror possibilities which are
   based on the proposed social networking algorithm . it is possible to
   prepare for potential terrorism in the nuclear industry . ( c ) 2015
   elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE cyber terror; social networking circle by system dynamics diagram ( sncsd );
   social networking service ( sns ); system dynamics ( sd ); vensim

---

UT 249
AR Mehrjerdi YZ, 2017, ELECTRON LIBR, V35, P374, DOI 10.1108/EL-02-2015-0022
TI Library performance evaluation in a dynamic environment using patron
   satisfaction
AU Mehrjerdi YZ
TC 4
SO ELECTRON LIBR
PY 2017
AB purpose_the purpose of this paper is to propose a new model for studying the
   patron ' s satisfaction level over time for library systems . for this
   purpose , it is necessary to identify the key factors that are influential
   in nature . thereafter , this paper explains and shows the procedure used
   for developing the causal loop diagram , the flow diagram , mathematical
   modeling and the simulation of the problem . a sample problem is used to
   show the applicability of the proposed model . because the proposed
   methodology allows management to look into the patrons ' satisfaction level
   over time , it makes a significant contribution to the literature of the
   library and information management , as well as dynamic simulation modeling
   . design / methodology / approach_this paper is written based on the studies
   and observations from scientific journals and reports . for model
   development purposes , the author has used the concept of systems thinking
   and systems dynamics to model the complex systems and simulate that using
   vensim computer simulation software . findings_as the trend of patron ' s
   satisfaction shows , it is possible to improve the satisfaction level over
   time to a level above 60 per cent from 48 per cent over the simulation
   running periods . meanwhile , the level of donation is up from 10 to 40 per
   cent in the same period as the satisfaction level has been studied . because
   this is the first paper that looks into such important variables over time
   using systems dynamics , it makes significant contribution to the field of
   library and information management . originality / value_in almost all
   library models for patron ' s satisfaction calculation , the proposed models
   are static and can find this value for a point of time rather than over a
   long period of time . in this paper , a system with an initial value of
   patron ' s satisfaction level was used , and by taking all key factors into
   consideration , the author has developed a system that calculates patron ' s
   satisfaction trend over time . also , the proposed dynamic model is able to
   determine the level of donations that patrons can make to the library over
   time .
DE customer satisfaction; systems dynamics; library performance
ID users satisfaction; quality; efficiency; model; qfd

---

UT 250
AR Luo YF, 2009, PADDY WATER ENVIRON, V7, P1, DOI 10.1007/s10333-008-0146-6
TI Application of system dynamics approach for time varying water balance in
   aerobic paddy fields
AU Luo YF; Khan S; Cui YL; Peng SZ
TC 17
SO PADDY WATER ENV
PY 2009
AB increasing water scarcity has necessitated the development of irrigated rice
   systems that require less water than the traditional flooded rice . the
   cultivation of aerobic rice is an effort to save water in response to
   growing worldwide water scarcity with the pressure to reduce water use and
   increase water productivity . an accurate estimation of different water
   balance components at the aerobic rice fields is essential to achieve
   effective use of limited water supplies . some field water balance
   components , such as percolation , capillary rise and evapotranspiration ,
   can not be easily measured . therefore a soil water balance model is
   required to develop and to test water management strategies . this paper
   presents results of a study to quantify time varying water balance under a
   critical soil water tension based irrigation criteria for the cultivation of
   non_ponded ' ' aerobic rice ' ' fields along the lower parts of the yellow
   river . based on the analysis and integration of existing field information
   on the hydrologic processes in an aerobic rice field , this paper outlines
   the general components of the water balance using a conceptual model
   approach . the time varying water balance is then analyzed using the
   feedback relations among the hydrologic processes in a commercial dynamic
   modeling environment , vensim . the model simulates various water balance
   components such as actual evapotranspiration , deep percolation , surface
   runoff , and capillary rise in the aerobic rice field on a daily basis . the
   model parameters are validated with the observed experimental field data
   from the huibei irrigation experiment station , kaifeng , china . the
   validated model is used to analyze irrigation application soil water tension
   trigger under wet , dry and average climate conditions using daily time
   steps . the scenario analysis show that to conserve scarce water resources
   during the average climate years the irrigation scheduling criteria can be
   set as _30 kpa average root zone soil water tension . whereas it can be set
   at _70 kpa during the dry years , however , the associated yields may reduce
   . compared with the flooded lowland rice and other upland crops , with these
   two alternatives irrigation event triggers , aerobic rice cultivation can
   lead to significant water savings .
DE soil water balance; aerobic rice; water savings; system dynamics; irrigation
   scheduling; vensim
ID modeling approach; hydraulic conductivity; exploring options; less water;
   rice; performance

---

UT 251
AR Wang HH, 2014, J COAST CONSERV, V18, P609, DOI 10.1007/s11852-014-0328-x
TI Utilization effectiveness of marine functional zones using system dynamics
   for China: modeling and assessment
AU Wang HH; Li MR; Hu NP; Gao YM
TC 9
SO J COAST CONSERV
PY 2014
AB the marine functional zoning ( mfz ) for china is a new large_scale ,
   ecosystem_based zoning policy for management of development and use in the
   marine environment . the system dynamic ( sd ) method is used to evaluate
   the utilization effectiveness of existed marine functional zones ( mfzs )
   quantitatively for china . as a case study , an impact assessment system is
   constructed to obtain the because and effect feedback chart of the
   mariculture functional zones in qingdao city , china . a feedback sd model
   and the main control loops are developed to analyze the utilization
   effectiveness of the mariculture functional zones . vensim software is
   applied to the assessment for the mariculture functional zones of qingdao .
   the results provide an effective support for policies and legislation for
   the division of mfzs . analysis results and simulations are presented to
   verify and validate the proposed model .
DE marine functional zoning; system dynamics; utilization effectiveness; marine
   policy
ID policy; tools

---

UT 252
AR Asif FMA, 2015, RESOUR CONSERV RECYCL, V101, P20, DOI
   10.1016/j.resconrec.2015.05.002
TI System dynamics models for decision making in product multiple lifecycles
AU Asif FMA; Rashid A; Bianchi C; Nicolescu CM
TC 22
SO RESOUR CONSERV RECYCL
PY 2015
AB the main drivers for adopting product multiple lifecycles are to gain
   ecological and economic advantages . however , in most of the cases it is
   not straight forward to estimate the potential ecological and economic gain
   that may result from adopting product multiple lifecycles . even though many
   researchers have concluded that product multiple lifecycles result in gain ,
   there are examples which indicate that the gain is often marginal or even
   none in many cases . the purpose of this research is to develop system
   dynamics models that can assist decision makers in assessing and analyzing
   the potential gain of product multiple lifecycles considering the dynamics
   of material scarcity . the foundation of the research presented in this
   paper is laid based on literature review . system dynamics principles have
   been used for modeling and simulations have been done on stella ithink
   platform . the data used in the models have been extracted from different
   reports published by world steel association and you . s . geological survey
   . some of the data have been assumed based on expert estimation . the data
   on iron ore reserves , iron and steel productions and consumptions have been
   used in the models . this research presents the first system dynamics model
   for decision making in product multiple lifecycles which takes into
   consideration the dynamics of material scarcity . physical unavailability
   and price of material are the two main factors that would drive product
   multiple lifecycles approach and more sustainable decisions can be made if
   it is done by taking holistic system approach over longer time horizon . for
   an enterprise it is perhaps not attractive to conserve a particular type of
   material through product multiple lifecycles approach which is naturally
   abundant but extremely important if the material becomes critical . an
   enterprise could through engineering , proper business model and marketing
   may increase the share of multiple lifecycle products which eventually would
   help the enterprise to reduce its dependency on critical materials . ( c )
   2015 elsevier b.v . all rights reserved .
DE system dynamic; resource scarcity; resources policy; material criticality;
   multiple-lifecycle; resource conservation
ID loop supply chains; exhaustible resources; growth; limits

---

UT 253
AR Crookes DJ, 2016, S AFR J ECON MANAG S, V19, P733, DOI
   [10.4102/sajems.v19i5.1587, 10.17159/2222-3436/2016/v19n5a4]
TI PREDATOR-PREY ANALYSIS USING SYSTEM DYNAMICS: AN APPLICATION TO THE STEEL
   INDUSTRY
AU Crookes DJ/1; Blignaut JN
TC 16
SO AFR J ECON MANAG SCI
PY 2016
AB in this paper , we use a predator_prey model to simulate intersectoral
   dynamics , with the global steel sector as the prey that supplies inputs and
   the automotive sector as the predator that demands its inputs . a further
   prey , an additional upstream supply sector , namely the iron ore sector ,
   is added to reflect the implications of scarcity and resource limitations
   for industrial development and economic prospects . we find that capacity
   constraints in the steel industry could limit the future supply of vehicles
   , a result exacerbated by the unsustainable use of iron ore reserves . the
   solution is not for marginal steel industries to close , but for steelmakers
   to adapt and move to less resource_demanding secondary steelmaking
   technology rather than focusing on primary steelmaking . the forecasting
   capabilities of the model are compared with the outputs from a
   neural_network model . although the results are comparable over the short
   term ( +/_10 years ) , over the long term , results diverge , showing that
   forecasting steel_industry dynamics is complex and that further work is
   required to disentangle the drivers of supply and demand . this study
   indicates the potential advantages of using predator_prey models in modeling
   the supply chain in economics .
DE predator-prey; steel; vehicles; iron ore; system dynamics; neural-network;
   vensim
ID neural-network; model; arima

---

UT 254
AR Neuwirth C, 2017, ENV MODEL SOFTW, V96, P140, DOI
   10.1016/j.envsoft.2017.06.017
TI System dynamics simulations for data-intensive applications
AU Neuwirth C
TC 11
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2017
AB simulation modeling is increasingly perceived as a methodological asset to
   the field of data science . nonetheless , adequate graphical database
   interfaces are missing especially for most system dynamics ( sd ) simulation
   tools . simsyn is freely available middleware used to link together models
   developed in vensim with a postgresql database for spanning sd models over
   geographic or multi_dimensional parameter space . the capabilities of simsyn
   are demonstrated by simulating terrestrial carbon storage for 10,000 years
   on a 5 arc_min raster mesh with 278,115 grid cells . results indicated the
   reasonable performance of data_linked simulations ( 7 , 500 to 10,000 runs
   per 15 min ) and a considerable increase of computational overheads
   associated with additional time series inputs . apart from increasing
   performance , the incorporation of sd interoperability standards is a key
   objective for the further development of simsyn . ( c ) 2017 elsevier ltd .
   all rights reserved .
DE simulation modeling; data science; uncertainty; parameter space; geographic
   space; open-source software

---

UT 255
AR Zheng CH, 2018, J DISCRET MATH SCI CRYPTOGR, V21, P1211, DOI
   10.1080/09720529.2018.1525129
TI Analysis of technology diffusion in agricultural industry cluster based on
   system dynamics and simulation model
AU Zheng CH; Huang HL
TC 2
SO J DISCRET MATH SCI CRYPTOGR
PY 2018
AB the process of technology diffusion in an agricultural industry cluster is
   different from that in general markets . extending the assumption of the
   bass model by considering multiple developments of technology diffusion ,
   sluggish message sharing and unstable market , the dynamic model of
   technology diffusion was established by using the vensim_ple as a simulator
   to conduct the present research . the results showed that this model meets
   the needs of actual agricultural industry clusters and can be a theoretical
   guidance for farmers or enterprises if they intend to practice technology
   diffusion in an agriculture industrial cluster .
DE agricultural industry cluster; technology diffusion; system dynamics; bass
   model

---

UT 256
AR Lan TS, 2013, MATH PROBL ENG, V2013, DOI 10.1155/2013/298621
TI A Study of Developing a System Dynamics Model for the Learning Effectiveness
   Evaluation
AU Lan TS; Lan YH; Chen KL; Chen PC; Lin WC
TC 5
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2013
AB this study used the research method of system dynamics and applied the
   vensim software to develop a learning effectiveness evaluation model . this
   study developed four because_and_effect chains affecting learning
   effectiveness , including teachers ' teaching enthusiasm , family
   involvement , school ' s implementation of scientific activities , and
   creative teaching method , as well as the system dynamics model based on the
   four because_and_effect chains . based on the developed system dynamic model
   , this study performed simulation to investigate the relationship among
   family involvement , learning effectiveness , teaching achievement ,
   creative teaching method , and students ' learning interest . the results of
   this study verified that there are positive correlations between family
   involvement and students ' learning effectiveness , as well as students '
   learning effectiveness and teachers ' teaching achievements . the results
   also indicated that the use of creative teaching method is able to increase
   students ' learning interest and learning achievement .
ID students

---

UT 257
AR Sapiri H, 2011, AFR J BUS MANAG, V5, P902
TI System dynamics approach in analyzing impact of demographic and salary risks
   on pension expenditure
AU Sapiri H; Kamil AA; Tahar RM; Tumin H
TC 1
SO AFR J BUS MANAG
PY 2011
AB public pension plan in malaysia is studied to analyze pension expenditure
   due to salary and demographic risks . through the literature review and
   interview session with several officers in public sector , factors affecting
   pension expenditure are determined . the system dynamic model is later
   developed using ithink software to show how demographic and salary changes
   affect the pension expenditure . then , by using actual data , the impact of
   demographic and salary risks on pension expenditure is analyzed . the
   dynamics simulation model developed in this paper offers a useful tool for
   analyzing pension expenditure as a result of demographic and salary risks .
DE demographics and salary risk; pension expenditure; system dynamics; public
   policy

---

UT 258
AR Ding ZK, 2016, WASTE MANAGE, V51, P130, DOI 10.1016/j.wasman.2016.03.001
TI A system dynamics-based environmental performance simulation of construction
   waste reduction management in China
AU Ding ZK; Yi GZ; Tam VWY/1; Huang TY
TC 201
SO WASTE MANAG
PY 2016
AB a huge amount of construction waste has been generated from increasingly
   higher number of construction activities than in the past , which has
   significant negative impacts on the environment if they are not properly
   managed . therefore , effective construction waste management is of primary
   importance for future sustainable development . based on the theory of
   planned behaviors , this paper develops a system dynamic model of
   construction waste reduction management at the construction phase to
   simulate the environmental benefits of construction waste reduction
   management . the application of the proposed model is shown using a case
   study in shenzhen , china . vensim is applied to simulate and analyze the
   model . the simulation results indicate that source reduction is an
   effective waste reduction measure which can reduce 27.05 % of the total
   waste generation . sorting behaviors are a premise for improving the
   construction waste recycling and reuse rates which account for 15.49 % of
   the total waste generated . the environmental benefits of source reduction
   outweigh those of sorting behaviors . therefore , to achieve better
   environmental performance of the construction waste reduction management ,
   attention should be paid to source reduction such as low waste technologies
   and on_site management performance . in the meantime , sorting behaviors
   encouragement such as improving stakeholders ' waste awareness , refining
   regulations , strengthening government supervision and controlling illegal
   dumping should be emphasized . ( c ) 2016 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved
   .
DE construction waste reduction management; system dynamics; theory of planned
   behaviors
ID demolition waste; model; shenzhen; policy

---

UT 259
AR Salvati RO, 2026, IEEE ACCESS, V14, P44816, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2026.3674331
TI A System Dynamics Model for Evaluation of Residential Demand-Side Management
   Strategies With Photovoltaic Generation, Electric Vehicles, and Battery
   Storage
AU Salvati RO; Teive RCG
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2026
AB the increasing penetration of distributed energy resources in the
   residential sector , including photovoltaic generation ( pv ) , electric
   vehicles ( ev ) , and battery energy storage systems , has significantly
   altered electricity consumption patterns and introduced new challenges for
   energy management . these technologies , combined with time_of_use ( tou )
   tariffs , require analytical tools capable of representing the dynamic
   interactions among consumption , generation , storage , and tariff
   structures . this paper proposes a modular simulation model based on system
   dynamics to evaluate residential electricity consumption , energy costs ,
   and demand profile under different technological configurations and
   demand_side management ( dsm ) strategies . the model was implemented in
   vensim and integrates residential load profiles , pv generation based on
   peak sun hours , ev charging schedules , behind_the_meter battery storage ,
   and both flat and tou tariffs . dsm strategies based on load shifting were
   incorporated to evaluate their impact on cost reduction and system
   performance . simulation results demonstrate that the effectiveness of tou
   tariffs strongly depends on load management strategies and the coordination
   between pv generation and battery storage . in the most complete scenario ,
   dsm reduced the discounted payback period from approximately 6.0 years to
   4.7 years under time_of_use tariffs , representing an improvement of 1.3
   years . the proposed model provides a flexible and integrated framework for
   analyzing residential energy systems and supports decision_making related to
   distributed energy resource integration and tariff selection .
DE tariffs; load modeling; batteries; costs; electric vehicle charging;
   photovoltaic systems; mathematical models; system dynamics; distributed
   power-generation; home appliances; demand-side management; battery storage;
   system dynamics; electric vehicles; photovoltaic generation; residential
   energy modeling

---

UT 260
AR Abdikarimova D, 2026, ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV, V92, DOI 10.1016/j.esd.2026.101966
TI Understanding the dynamics of household solar PV adoption in Uzbekistan
AU Abdikarimova D; Ibragimov A; Sidique SF; Arifuzzaman M; Brindal M
TC 0
SO ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2026
AB uzbekistan is embarking on a transition in renewable energy to meet its 2030
   goals of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 35 % and increasing the share
   of renewables in electricity generation to more than 50 % . although there
   is considerable potential for solar energy , the uptake of solar
   photovoltaic ( pv ) systems in residential settings is hindered by financial
   , regulatory , and behavioral challenges . this study employs a system
   dynamics approach to assess the impact of various policy
   interventions_specifically feed_in tariffs , tax exemptions , installation
   rebates , subsidized loans , and green certificates_on the adoption of
   residential photovoltaic systems in uzbekistan . the analysis utilizes a
   causal loop diagram alongside a stock and flow model developed in vensim to
   simulate different scenarios , assessing the effects of these interventions
   on the enhancement of photovoltaic capacity , revenue generation , and the
   reduction of carbon dioxide emissions . the results demonstrate that
   subsidized loans represent the most efficient policy tool , promoting
   sustainable growth in photovoltaic adoption and achieving significant
   emissions reduction outcomes . the findings provide crucial information for
   decisionmakers in uzbekistan and similar developing nations . they emphasize
   the importance of direct financial assistance strategies to overcome
   investment challenges and accelerate the shift toward renewable energy .
   this study highlights the importance of system dynamics modeling as a key
   tool for developing effective and sustainable energy strategies .
DE uzbekistan; energy transition; household adoption; renewable energy policy;
   financial incentives
ID system dynamics; innovation; diffusion; behavior

---

UT 261
AR Di Nardo M, 2022, APPL SYST INNOV, V5, DOI 10.3390/asi5030045
TI A New Hybrid Dynamic FMECA with Decision-Making Methodology: A Case Study in
   an Agri-Food Company
AU Di Nardo M; Murino T; Osteria G; Santillo LC
TC 22
SO APPL SYST INNOV
PY 2022
AB the failure mode and effect analysis ( fmea ) is often used to improve a
   system ' s reliability . this paper proposes a new approach that aims to
   overcome the most critical defects of the traditional fmea . this new
   methodology combines the entropy and best worst method ( bwm ) methodology
   with the edas and system dynamics , fmeca : the en_b_ed dynamic fmeca . the
   main innovation point of the proposed work is the presence of an unknown
   factor ( cost ) that allows to obtain an objective weighted factor , a risk
   index when a machine failure occurs . the criticality analysis has been
   carried out using software ( vensim ple x64 ) to simulate system dynamics
   models to identify corrective actions and evaluate the possible
   implementation of these actions . the methodology proposed is applied to a
   case study in a relevant italian company in the agri_food sector .
DE fmea; fmeca; mcdm; entropy method; bwm; edas method; system dynamics
ID system failure mode; risk-evaluation; fuzzy topsis; framework

---

UT 262
AR Ismaeel WSE, 2022, ARCH ENG DES MANAG, V18, P368, DOI
   10.1080/17452007.2021.1889955
TI Sustainable site selection using system dynamics; case study LEED-certified
   project
AU Ismaeel WSE
TC 22
SO ARCH ENG DES MANAG
PY 2022
AB this study establishes a dynamic modeling for site_related credits .
   guidelines of the ' leadership in energy and environmental design ' ( leed )
   system are used for the context and project levels under location and
   transportation ( lt ) and sustainable sites ( ss ) categories , respectively
   . the research steps are . determining site_dependent credits based on leed
   project checklist and credit_weighting calculator , calculating the
   dependency coefficient of credits and categories , developing representative
   causal_effect feedback loops and a stock_and_flow model using vensim_ple and
   testing two alternative project site locations . studying these intrinsic
   relations reveals that proper site selection may earn the project 63 % of
   total available points which qualifies it to leed gold certification level .
   the results show the dominant effect of site selection on the context and
   site_related credits . it also shows the latent effect on other sustainable
   categories . the highest impact is seen for energy_related credits ( ea ) ,
   followed by indoor environmental quality ( ieq ) , materials and resources (
   mr ) and finally for water efficiency ( we ) . comparing site_dependent
   credits for leed version 3.0 and 4.0 shows that they are less in we and ea
   for the latter and more for the mr and ieq categories . this shows that the
   improper selection of a project site may eventually lead to downsizing
   building performance . furthermore , the proposed model establishes a
   dynamic predictive tracing and evaluation mechanism for the rate and pattern
   of point_scoring scenarios to achieve sustainability targets and level of
   certification . it also proposes a new datum to assess the sustainability of
   site locations . both in a comparative and absolute manner .
DE causal-effect feedback loops; leed; stock-and-flow model; sustainable site
   selection; system dynamics
ID buildings

---

UT 263
AR Ni GD, 2022, FRONT PSYCHOL, V13, DOI 10.3389/fpsyg.2022.888060
TI Formation Mechanism and Dynamic Evolution Laws About Unsafe Behavior of New
   Generation of Construction Workers Based on China's Construction Industry:
   Application of Grounded Theory and System Dynamics
AU Ni GD; Lv L; Wang SB; Miao XY; Fang YQ; Liu Q
TC 19
SO PSYCHOL
PY 2022
AB construction workers ' unsafe behavior is a major because of safety
   accidents and injuries , therefore , a profound understanding of the
   formation process and evolution laws about construction workers ' unsafe
   behavior is conducive to taking measures to prevent incidents . at present ,
   the new generation of construction workers ( ngcws ) born after 1980 are
   gradually becoming the main force at construction sites in china . given
   that generational differences of construction workers can cause the
   discrepancies in their thoughts and attitudes when engaging in
   safety_related activities , this study aims to investigate the formation
   mechanism and dynamic evolution laws about ngcws ' unsafe behavior based on
   the context of china ' s construction industry . from the perspective of
   behavior motivation , in_depth semi_structured interviews with 18 ngcws and
   7 grassroots managers were conducted , and data analysis followed a
   three_step coding process based on grounded theory . through continuous
   comparison , abstraction and analysis , the stimulus_organism_response
   theory was introduced and expanded to construct a three_stage formation
   mechanism model . on this basis , the causal diagram and stock flow diagram
   were developed based on system dynamics principles to reflect the dynamic
   feedback relationships of the factors in the static formation mechanism
   model , and simulation was carried out using vensim ple software . the
   results show that three types of internal needs and three types of external
   incentives stimulate corresponding motivations for ngcws ' unsafe behavior .
   two types of individual factors , five types of situational factors and
   behavior result play an influencing role in the decision_making process of
   externalizing motivation into behavior . under the synergistic effect of
   multiple factors , the level of unsafe behavior displays a downward trend ,
   and the rate of decrease is slow first and then fast . furthermore , among
   individual factors and situational factors , safety awareness and safety
   management system have the most significant effect on the level of unsafe
   behavior , while situational factors play a more obvious role . the findings
   can provide theoretical support and practical references to china ' s
   construction companies and government departments for the purpose of
   improving ngcws ' unsafe behavior .
DE unsafe behavior; formation mechanism; dynamic evolution laws; new generation
   of construction workers; behavior motivation; grounded theory; system
   dynamics
ID occupational-safety; demographic-factors; physical-activity; risk
   perception; self-efficacy; young workers; motivation; attitudes; climate;
   interventions

---

UT 264
AR Marey H, 2024, CLEAN MATER, V11, DOI 10.1016/j.clema.2024.100221
TI Green concrete materials selection for achieving circular economy in
   residential buildings using system dynamics
AU Marey H; Kozma G; Szabó G
TC 15
SO CLEAN MATER
PY 2024
AB increasing the number of residential buildings due to rapid urbanization
   growth has led to the massive consumption of concrete materials and
   significant negative environmental impacts worldwide . properly selecting
   green concrete ( gc ) materials in residential projects can promote
   sustainable construction practices and achieve a circular economy ( ce ) .
   this paper aims to identify and analyze the parameters affecting gc material
   selection based on ce principles by developing a system dynamic ( sd ) model
   to investigate the environmental and economic benefits during the
   construction process . the system dynamic_based framework ( sd_bf ) is used
   to investigate the simulation interaction of the variables between the gc
   original scenario and several hypothetical scenarios through the simulation
   process , including fly ash concrete ( fa ) and recycled aggregate concrete
   ( rac ) . the causal loop diagrams ( cld ) and stock and flow ( sf )
   diagrams are created to investigate the inner relations among the gc
   variables that can achieve ce . the sd model was applied for a residential
   building case study in new cairo city , egypt , using vensim to simulate and
   analyze the most appropriate gc scenarios regarding cement , natural
   aggregate , co2 emissions , cost_effectiveness , and waste generation . the
   results showed that using various concrete scenarios could enhance the gc
   selection for ce principles , in which cement reduction is the most
   effective variable , and the reduction reached 19.8 % and 11.4 % in the most
   optimum scenarios , while the natural aggregate ( na ) reduction reached
   19.1 % compared with the original scenario . this development is vital for
   achieving ce and closing the concrete materials loop , which helps
   construction decision_makers select suitable concrete materials for future
   residential projects .
DE green concrete; system dynamics; resource efficiency; circular economy;
   residential building; egypt
ID co2 emissions; recycled aggregate; fly-ash; mechanical-properties;
   sustainable cement; energy-consumption; high-volume; waste; model;
   durability

---

UT 265
AR Guo JY, 2021, ADV CIV ENG, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/6672038
TI Study of a System Dynamics Model of Wuhan Commodity Housing Price
AU Guo JY; Wang JW; Liu DH; Qiao S; Wu H
TC 0
SO ADV CIV ENG
PY 2021
AB commodity housing is the most important product in the development of modern
   civil engineering , and it is also the frontier problem of modern
   engineering project management research . the progress of civil engineering
   in china can be seen to a great extent through the development of commercial
   housing . in order to solve the severe problem of rapid growth of commodity
   housing price in china , considering the advantages of system dynamics
   theory , a system dynamics model of commodity housing price is constructed .
   eight subsystems , namely , housing demand , housing supply , housing price
   , urban population , urban economy , housing land , housing tenancy , and
   macro_control , are studied . taking the relevant data of wuhan as an
   example , the vensim dss is used for simulations . in addition , a validity
   test and sensitivity test are used to verify the validity and feasibility of
   the model , respectively . based on the model , it is successfully predicted
   that the price of commercial housing in wuhan will reach 18,207.9 yuan / m (
   2 ) in 2030 , which provides a more systematic method of prediction for
   synthesis simulation of commercial housing markets . from the perspective of
   the developer loan interest rate , real estate tax rate , purchase
   restriction , and other policies , we show that the developer loan interest
   rate regulation policy has the strongest effect on guiding the change in
   commercial housing prices in wuhan . generally , this study provides insight
   into the responses that the national government could use to control housing
   prices .

---

UT 266
AR Ghaedi H, 2017, QUID-INVESTIG CIENC TECNOL, P46
TI INVESTIGATING THE PROBLEM OF POLLUTION IN CITIES AND PROVIDING THE SOLUTIONS
   USING SYSTEM DYNAMICS METHOD
AU Ghaedi H; Amindoust A
TC 0
SO QUID-INVESTIG CIENC TECNOL
PY 2017
AB the greatest environmental problem of cities is air pollution that natural
   and human factors are involved in creating it . natural factors influencing
   it include city surrounding by mountains , lack of constant winds with
   proper speed , and low rainfall . among the human factors , we can refer to
   existence of large numbers of vehicles and cars , introduction of excessive
   new cars to urban traffic cycle , insufficient or reluctance to use public
   transport systems and the cheap price of fuel . the concentration of
   atmospheric pollutants in the cities in many cases is several times more
   than the allowed level , followed by short and long term adverse effects .
   the first step to control air pollution of the cities is the identification
   of effective resources and sharing the relative pollution production rate .
   sources of pollution include stationary sources ( units with different land
   uses including residential units , factories , and industrial workshops ,
   and refinery ) and mobile sources ( including public and private light and
   heavy vehicles ) . methods to determine the relative contribution of the
   sources include the use of emission factors and calculating emissions at the
   source of pollution production that the focus of this method is on emission
   source . another approach is to focus on the current situation by measuring
   the concentration in pollution monitoring stations or reverse modeling to
   detect emission source . in this research , the transport system of cities
   and its impact on air pollution , the economy , and the population are
   studied . effective variables and parameters were identified and causal
   loops were designed and the equations and model were calibrated and
   validated using information and vensim software that showed very good
   accuracy . using this model , the effect of different scenarios to reduce
   air pollution caused by transport was investigated .
DE pollution of cities; system dynamics method; air pollution reduction;
   traffic reduction
ID model

---

UT 267
AR Cheng LL, 2017, J AEROSP TECHNOL MANAG, V9, P495, DOI 10.5028/jatm.v9i4.648
TI A Prediction Model for Night Recovery of Embarked Aircrafts Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Cheng LL; Yue KZ; Huang ZH
TC 0
SO J AEROSP TECHNOL MANAG
PY 2017
AB in order to make a sensible prediction on the air traffic flow management
   with conditions of wave_off and bolter , a system dynamic model for the
   night recovery operations of embarked aircrafts is built to ensure the
   adaption of air traffic flow with the capacity of air control at each phase
   of the recovery operations . the model aims at the characteristics of
   multiple feedbacks , delays and complex time varying , builds a stock flow
   diagram and operation model with impact factors of the night recovery system
   , and is simulated in vensim ( r ) personal learning edition 5.9. the
   simulation shows a reasonable prediction result for the night recovery of
   embarked aircrafts with conditions of bolter and wave_off and can provide a
   theoretical basis for scheduling the air traffic flow management of embarked
   aircrafts formation recovery .
DE air traffic flow management; recovery embarked aircrafts formation; system
   dynamics; complex system modeling
ID traffic flow management

---

UT 268
AR Yang B, 2019, J COAST RES, P891, DOI 10.2112/SI94-176.1
TI Dynamics Model and Simulation of Core Competence of Maritime Logistics
   Enterprises for Service Innovation
AU Yang B; Xie L
TC 1
SO J COAST RES
PY 2019
AB the changes in the maritime service market have brought unprecedented
   challenges to maritime service enterprises . this paper uses the method of
   system dynamics to study the causal relationship of the core competence of
   maritime logistics enterprises from the perspective of service innovation by
   analyzing its influencing factors and evolution process , thus constructs
   the system dynamics model of the evolution of core competence of maritime
   logistics enterprises , and then uses vensim ple to simulate the model .
   through the verification and analysis of the validity and sensitivity of the
   simulation model , it shows that the model can fit the evolution process of
   the core competence of the maritime logistics enterprise , reveal the
   process and mechanism of it , and provide management strategy for the
   competence ' s upgrading . so it can improve the overall efficiency of
   maritime logistics enterprises , guide them to take competitive advantages
   in the fast and changing market . the construction and operation of computer
   simulation model provides an effective research method and way for the
   evolution of core competence of maritime logistics enterprises .
DE core competence of maritime logistics enterprises; service innovation;
   system dynamics model; vensim simulation

---

UT 269
AR Chang JC Jr, 2019, BRAZ J OPER PROD MAN, V16, P14, DOI
   10.14488/BJOPM.2019.v16.n1.a2
TI COMPUTER SIMULATION MODEL FOR OUTPATIENT CLINICS IN A BRAZILIAN LARGE PUBLIC
   HOSPITAL SPECIALIZED IN CARDIOLOGY
AU Chang JC Jr; Lima F; Fernandes AMD; Guardia FD; da Silva VD; Maccheri GA
TC 5
SO BRAZ J OPER PROD MANAG
PY 2019
AB goal : the main objective of this study is to analyze the behavior of the
   outpatient department of a large public hospital specialized in cardiology ,
   understanding how the components of this system are related , in order to
   improve the hospital ' s performance . design / methodology / approach : a
   case study was carried out in a public hospital specializing in cardiology
   with the aid of modeling and simulation of system dynamics . results : the
   result showed that variables such as doctor availability and average
   consultation time have great influence on the service capacity . limitations
   of the investigation : the proceedings and times related to the medical
   staff are particular to each team and they are not standardized . however ,
   in the system dynamics modeling these particularities can not be included .
   practical implications : for theory , there is the state_of_the_art
   development in terms of how to manage and regarding the methodologies should
   be applied in a complex referential model composed of several moderating
   variables , in order to obtain the best use of the available resources (
   human and material ) of the hospital . for practice , the flow of patients
   in the hospital should be predicted and optimized , adding value to the
   services provided to its users . originality / value : the originality of
   the work is based on the unprecedented application of quantitative methods
   for solving problems in brazilian hospitals .
DE system dynamics; ambulatories; simulation in health-care; vensim 60
ID population health; dynamics; systems

---

UT 270
AR Tahsiri A, 2023, ENV DEV SUSTAIN, V25, P7299, DOI 10.1007/s10668-022-02323-5
TI A system dynamics model for a holistic analysis of urban NOx emissions: a
   case study of Tehran, Iran
AU Tahsiri A; Arab M
TC 0
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB nowadays , a big effort has been made to find the right solution strategy
   for controlling the complex , multidimensional and diverse problem of urban
   air pollution . however , despite good development in this area , academia
   and governance divisions are still investing the development with a reliable
   methodology for examining the full scope of the problem under real
   conditions . this paper thus proposes a system dynamic_based model that is
   capable of representing the full pattern of behavior of nox emission in
   metropolitan settings , dependent on a network of contributing factors . the
   study identifies five underlying interconnected subsystems , each of which
   potentially causes a significant level of nox pollution , and the
   consequence synergy , stemming from the operation of all subsystems together
   . these are : ( 1 ) the sector of the economy , ( 2 ) the population
   structure and changes , ( 3 ) urban transport operations , ( 4 ) the
   performance of industries and businesses sector , and ( 5 ) energy
   production level and method . the vensim software simulated the model using
   15 years of data from tehran_related activities . the simulation takes into
   account four different scenarios : ( a ) maintaining the existing trends in
   business and industries . ( b ) enhancing the energy sector ' s productivity
   . ( c ) improving the transport management system ' s efficiency . and ( d )
   a mixed scenario situation , applying the second ( b ) and the third ( c )
   scenarios simultaneously .
DE air pollution management; system dynamics modeling; nox emission; tehran;
   vensim software; urban system
ID air pollution; passenger transport; energy-production; water resources;
   simulation; complex; health; policy

---

UT 271
AR Jia SW, 2021, CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC, V23, P1027, DOI
   10.1007/s10098-020-02013-8
TI Effect of combined strategy on mitigating air pollution in China
AU Jia SW
TC 8
SO CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC
PY 2021
AB air pollution has worsened as a result of increased traffic congestion in
   cities . using air pollution caused by motor vehicle emissions ( mainly by
   carbon monoxide , hydrocarbon , nitrogen oxide , and particulate matter ) as
   an example , in this study , we applied an integrated algorithm comprising
   system dynamics , entropy weight method , and gray system theory to
   establish a weighted logic function . a vehicle pollutant control model (
   including the transport , health , and environmental subsystems ) was
   established by vensim software . the medium_and long_term key variable
   analysis showed that the integrated algorithm , fully reflecting the
   advantages of system dynamics and gray system theory , more accurately
   described air pollution caused by vehicle emissions . our research results
   also revealed that the combined strategy of penalties and air pollution
   charging fee had a threefold effect : reduced congestion and emissions ,
   improved health impact index , and reduced number of illegal trips .
   specifically , the degree of traffic congestion , number of illegal trips ,
   and the degree of air pollution decreased by approximately 82.40 % , 69.35 %
   , and 68.91 % , respectively , whereas the health impact index increased by
   about 279.03 % . this finding provides guidance for improving policy and
   optimizing management and control modes . [ graphics ] .
DE system dynamics; air pollution; integrated algorithm; emission reduction;
   threefold effect
ID vehicle emissions

---

UT 272
AR Yuan WS, 2025, SUSTAIN, V17, DOI 10.3390/su17146607
TI Simulation of Water-Energy-Food-Carbon Nexus in the Agricultural Production
   Process in Liaocheng Based on the System Dynamics (SD)
AU Yuan WS; Wang H; Liu YY; Han S; Cong X; Xu ZH
TC 2
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2025
AB to achieve regional sustainable development , the low_carbon transformation
   of agriculture is essential , as it serves both as a significant carbon
   source and as a potential carbon sink . this study calculated the
   agricultural carbon emissions in liaocheng from 2010 to 2022 by analyzing
   processes including crop cultivation , animal husbandry , and agricultural
   input . additionally , a simulation model of the water_energy_food_carbon
   nexus ( wefc_nexus ) for liaocheng ' s agricultural production process was
   developed . using vensim ple 10.0.0 software , this study constructed a
   wefc_nexus model encompassing four major subsystems : economic development ,
   agricultural production , agricultural inputs , and water use . the model
   explored four policy scenarios : business_as_usual scenario ( s1 ) , ideal
   agricultural development ( s2 ) , strengthening agricultural investment ( s3
   ) , and reducing agricultural input costs ( s4 ) . it also forecast the
   trends in carbon emissions and primary sector gdp under these different
   scenarios from 2023 to 2030 . the conclusions were as follows : ( 1 ) total
   agricultural carbon emissions exhibited a three_phase trajectory , namely ,
   ' ' rapid growth ( 2010_2014 ) _sharp decline ( 2015_2020 ) _gradual rebound
   ( 2021_2022 ) ' ' , with sectoral contributions ranked as livestock farming
   ( 50 % ) > agricultural inputs ( 27 % ) > crop cultivation ( 23 % ) . ( 2 )
   the carbon emissions per unit of primary sector gdp ( ceag ) for s2 , s3 ,
   and s4 decreased by 8.86 % , 5.79 % , and 7.72 % , respectively , compared
   to s1 . the relationship between the carbon emissions under the four
   scenarios is s3 > s1 > s2 > s4 . the relationship between the four scenarios
   in the primary sector gdp is s3 > s2 > s4 > s1 . s2 can both control carbon
   emissions and achieve growth in primary industry output . policy
   recommendations emphasize reducing chemical fertilizer use , optimizing
   livestock management , enhancing agricultural technology efficiency , and
   adjusting agricultural structures to balance economic development with
   environmental sustainability .
DE carbon emissions; system dynamics; water-energy-food-carbon nexus
ID governance; emissions; footprint; security; china

---

UT 273
AR Dvornik J, 2009, THERM SCI, V13, P11, DOI 10.2298/TSCI0904011D
TI ANALYSIS OF THE PERFORMANCE OF THE SHIP STEAM BOILER USING SIMULATION
AU Dvornik J; Tireli E; Dvornik S
TC 1
SO THERM SCI
PY 2009
AB the aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamics simulation modeling at investigating performance dynamics of the
   ship steam boiler . ship steam boiler is a complex non_linear system which
   needs to be systematically investigated as a unit consisting of a number of
   subsystems and elements , which are linked by because_effect feedback loops
   , both within the system and with the relevant surrounding . in this paper
   the authors will present the efficient application of scientific methods for
   the research of complex dynamic systems called qualitative and quantitative
   simulation system dynamics methodology , which will allow for production and
   use of higher number and kinds of simulation models of the observed elements
   , and finally allow for the continuous computer simulation , which will
   contribute to acquisition of new information about the non_linear character
   of performance dynamics of ship steam boilers in the process of designing
   and education . ship steam boiler will be presented in powersim simulation
   language in mental_verbal , structural , and mathematical computer models .
DE ship steam boiler; simulation modeling; system dynamics; continuous and
   discrete simulation

---

UT 274
AR Yan B, 2017, SIMUL-TRANS SOC MODEL SIMUL INT, V93, P973, DOI
   10.1177/0037549717706169
TI Multi-level two-way cross-chain inventory coordination model that combines
   the same level with different levels in multi-supply chains
AU Yan B; Cai CY; Shi P
TC 2
SO SIMUL-TRANS SOC MODEL SIMUL INT
PY 2017
AB a cross_chain inventory emergency replenishment model that comprises the
   enterprises of manufacturers , wholesalers , and retailers at the same level
   and at different levels based on a co_opetition relationship in cluster
   supply chains is constructed in this work . the model is built by studying
   two three_level supply chains that each comprises manufacturers ,
   wholesalers , and retailers using the system dynamics method . subsequently
   , the proposed cross_chain inventory collaboration model is compared with
   currently available models and then simulated using the system dynamics
   simulation software vensim . simulation results show that the proposed model
   further improves existing theoretical research achievements in the field
   both locally and abroad , thereby advancing theoretical research on
   cross_chain inventory collaboration . this study also provides
   decision_making references for the practice of inventory collaboration among
   enterprises in industrial clusters .
DE supply chain management; inventory; multi-supply chain; system dynamics;
   cross-chain; emergency complementary

---

UT 275
AR Guo B, 2022, SCI PROGR, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/1846254
TI Modeling and Simulation of Consumer Preference Decision for Commercial
   Complex Location Based on System Dynamics
AU Guo B; Zhang B/1; Li Y
TC 1
SO SCI PROGR
PY 2022
AB the influencing factors of consumer shopping behavior play a key role in the
   later performance of commercial real estate enterprises . on the basis of
   analyzing the influence factors of customer patronage and the influence
   factors of commercial complex site selection decision and their relationship
   , a causal relationship graph and a system dynamic model are established ,
   which can describe the influence of customer preference on commercial
   complex site selection decision . and introducing customer subjective
   factors optimize the original pure objective factors site selection decision
   model . the model is implemented by using the system dynamics modeling tool
   vensim . at the same time , the model is verified by using the data of the
   first_hand investigation . the results show that the calculated data of the
   model is in good agreement with the actual data . the results show that the
   system dynamics method can effectively simulate the influence of various
   factors on the decision_making of the commercial complex . as the forecast
   of the model , the key indexes of the decision_making of the city commercial
   complex are discussed , and the measures to be taken are put forward , which
   can provide reference for the decision_making of the location .

---

UT 276
AR Martínez-Valderrama J, 2023, METHODSX, V10, DOI 10.1016/j.mex.2023.102044
TI Implementing climate change projections in System Dynamics models
AU Martínez-Valderrama J; Ibáñez J
TC 4
SO METHODSX
PY 2023
AB desertification is the degradation of drylands , which occupy an increasing
   proportion of the earth ' s surface due to global warming . it is currently
   the most extensive biome on earth , occupying 45 % and one out of every
   three inhabitants of the planet live in them . one of the most effective
   ways to face desertification , as land degradation neutrality points out ,
   is prevention . for this purpose , simulation models are very useful tools .
   specifically , system dynamics models are particularly effective , since
   they allow bringing together the biophysical and socioeconomic variables
   involved in the formation of the problem . these integrative models ,
   coupled with other tools such as sensitivity analyzes , are used to generate
   desertification early warning indicators . the objective of this programming
   routine is to implement climate change scenarios in these simulation models
   . the script presented here was used to evaluate the sensitivity of dehesa
   rangelands productivity to the increase in the frequency and intensity of
   droughts due to climate change . center dot integrated simulation models are
   useful tools to understand complex socioecosystems . center dot land_use
   changes foster the alteration of key hydro_bio_geochemical processes .
   center dot by means of automated import processes and data analysis
   programming , it is possible to implement desertification early warning
   systems .
DE vensim; aemet; droughts; desertification; sensitivity analysis; anova

---

UT 277
AR Wu HL, 2021, ENERGY SCI ENG, V9, P828, DOI 10.1002/ese3.837
TI Model for sustainable development based on system dynamics and energy-
   economy-environment coordination: A case study of Beijing, China
AU Wu HL; Peng DX; Wang L
TC 17
SO ENERGY SCI ENG
PY 2021
AB in developing countries , the contradiction between environmental protection
   and economic development has become increasingly serious . the current
   research focuses on : how to coordinate the relationship between economic
   development and environmental protection . this study considers energy
   consumption and environmental emission reduction as the research object . an
   energy_economy_environment simulation system was developed using vensim as a
   modeling platform to clarify the relationship between energy consumption ,
   economic development , and environmental pollution . based on the data
   gleaned from beijing ' s energy system , the availability of the simulation
   model is verified through historical inspection and operational tests .
   finally , based on the energy_economy_environment simulation system ,
   different development scenarios have been set up to analyze the development
   trends of energy consumption , economic development , and environmental
   emission reduction under different scenarios . the results show that the
   development prospects under the coordinated development scenario are the
   most reasonable and effective , taking into account the coordinated
   development of all the three aspects , especially in terms of carbon
   emission reduction .
DE coordinated development; energy management; energy saving; energy system
   dynamics; sustainability
ID generate; impacts

---

UT 278
AR Woo TH, 2014, ENERGY SOURCES B, V9, P165, DOI 10.1080/15567249.2011.563262
TI The Financial Modeling of Nanotechnology (NT) for the Energy Industry Using
   Systems Thinking Decision Making
AU Woo TH; Kim YI/1
TC 0
SO ENERGY SOURCES B
PY 2014
AB commercialization of atomic energy is investigated in the aspect of the
   nanotechnology ( nt ) application . the atomic nanotechnology has been
   emerging in the area of science and technology , where the main object is
   highly efficient production . the marketing innovation is quantified for the
   profit enhancement using systems thinking which is expressed by the system
   dynamics method . the feedback and accumulation skills of the simulation
   could show the higher reliable result of the interested scenarios . the
   simulation is performed by three aspects which are technological , manpower
   , and marketing . the output shows the highest point is 312,209 times higher
   in 2050 than the initial point . this shows the budget increasing for the nt
   area in industry as well as academics .
DE accumulation; atomic nanotechnology; feedback; simulation; system dynamics;
   vensim

---

UT 279
AR Zhu XQ, 2017, COMPLEXITY, DOI 10.1155/2017/5094218
TI Research on Behavior Model of Rumor Maker Based on System Dynamics
AU Zhu XQ; Liu FM
TC 12
SO COMPLEX
PY 2017
AB laws of rumor makers ' behaviors are the root of curbing rumor and effective
   way to block rumor occurrence . therefore , based on system dynamics model ,
   this paper proposed the rumors behavior evolution model of rumor makers ,
   aimed at discovering the laws of rumor makers ' behaviors to achieve rumors
   blocking . first , by refining the driving factors in disinformation
   behavior , we constructed causal diagram of disinformation behavior
   evolution . secondly , by means of causal diagram , we constructed
   stock_flow diagram for quantitative analysis . finally , simulation
   experiment was carried out by using vensim personal learning edition
   software ( vensim ple ) . the results showed that negative attitude is a
   major factor in the occurrence of disinformation behavior . personal factors
   are more pronounced than the factors of social and government on the impact
   of disinformation propensity score .

---

UT 280
AR Zheng YH, 2021, PROCESS, V9, DOI 10.3390/pr9081398
TI Risk Propagation of Concentralized Distribution Logistics Plan Change in
   Cruise Construction
AU Zheng YH; Ke JC; Wang HY
TC 7
SO PROCESS
PY 2021
AB compared with the ordinary merchant ship building , the concentralized
   distribution in cruise building is more complex . plan change is a common
   phenomenon in cruise building , and it is easy to lead to mismatch between
   production and logistics , resulting in risks such as production schedule
   delay and inventory backlog . in order to reduce the adverse effects of plan
   change on the shipyard , it is necessary to conduct an in_depth study on the
   risks of a centralized distribution logistics plan . based on the analysis
   of the composition of the centralized distribution logistics planning system
   , risk factors in different plan links are identified in this paper . a
   system dynamic model is constructed to simulate the propagation of five
   basic types of planning risk , including procurement plan , warehousing plan
   , pallet concentralization plan , distribution plan and production plan . in
   the case study of hvac ( heating , ventilation and air conditioning )
   materials , the values of risk factors are estimated though consulting
   experts with questionnaire . the weight of each risk factor in each
   subsystem is calculated by a method combined with analytic hierarchy process
   and coefficient of variation method . through the simulation experiments
   carried out in vensim , it is found that both inventory backlog risk and
   cruise construction schedule delay risk increase with the increasement of
   estimated values of risk factors , which is an effective proof of the
   rationality of the model , and that the most sensitive risk factor for both
   the two kinds of risk is production planning risk .
DE concentralized distribution logistics; plan change; risk propagation; system
   dynamics
ID supply chain; system dynamics; trade-off; management; simulation; model;
   performance; resilience; impacts

---

UT 281
AR Cavana RY, 2006, SYST DYNAM REV, V22, P321, DOI 10.1002/sdr.347
TI Demonstrating the utility of system dynamics for public policy analysis in
   New Zealand: the case of excise tax policy on tobacco
AU Cavana RY; Clifford LV
TC 35
SO SYST DYN REV
PY 2006
AB this paper summarizes a system dynamics pilot study analyzing the
   relationship of new zealand customs service ( nzcs ) outputs to desired
   government outcomes , in relation to the collection of tobacco excise duties
   and cigarette smoking in new zealand . the study was done to demonstrate the
   utility of system dynamics in answering some questions of a type common in
   the new zealand public sector during policy development and review . group
   model_building workshops addressed the organizing question : ' ' how does
   price influence the use and consequences of tobacco in new zealand ? ' ' a
   prototype system dynamics simulation model using the ithink dynamic
   simulation software was developed , consisting of seven sectors : nzcs air
   and marine sector . duty_paid cigarette imports . duty_free cigarettes . new
   zealand tobacco manufacturing sector . nzcs duty collection ( from air
   passengers ) . new zealand tobacco products market . and a health sector .
   the model simulates values of the model variables on an annual basis from
   2000 to 2010 . policy experiments with the model include examining the
   effects of changes in excise duties . the model can be further developed to
   examine tobacco_related public policy issues in new zealand and complement
   modeling done in other countries . copyright ( c ) 2006 john wiley and sons
   , ltd .
ID health; simulation; smoking; cigarettes; impacts; model

---

UT 282
AR Tukel OI, 2011, PROJ MANAG J, V42, P59, DOI 10.1002/pmj.20207
TI Knowledge-Salvage Practices for Dormant R&D Projects
AU Tukel OI; Kremic T; Rom WO; Miller RJ
TC 6
SO PROJ MANAG J
PY 2011
AB most successful firms have an abundance of new and old knowledge in their
   research and development laboratories , and only a fraction is being put
   into use in new product development . this knowledge is left over from
   projects that have been killed at different development stages and may
   actually carry considerable value . in this article , we propose a knowledge
   bank as a possible solution to preserve and possibly grow this knowledge .
   it is a self_sustaining institute with minimal or no ongoing effort from the
   donor company , yet manages the knowledge in a way that protects proprietary
   interests and actively fosters communication and interchange among
   sponsoring companies wherever possible . the framework of this structure ,
   as well as how it works , is described here . specifically , a system
   dynamics modeling of the knowledge bank is developed , and a simulation
   study is conducted using vensim ( r ) . the results confirm the viability of
   creating such a system in a consortium of organizations .
DE r and d projects; knowledge banks; system dynamics
ID open innovation; performance

---

UT 283
AR Beklaryan GL/1, 2019, EKON MAT METODY, V55, P47, DOI
   10.31857/S042473880005769-4
TI Simulation Model of a Region in Application to the Economy Analysis of
   Krasnoyarsk Region
AU Beklaryan GL/1
TC 1
SO EKON MAT METODY
PY 2019
AB the article presents an approach to the rational management of the region on
   the example of the krasnoyarsk region using the methods of system dynamics .
   a simulation model of the region is developed , and the possibility of
   optimizing the key characteristics of such a system through the rational
   management of multiple parameters , such as the rate of construction of new
   housing , the rate of growth of the housing services'costs , the rate of
   construction of social infrastructure ( gardens , schools , hospitals ) ,
   etc . the suggested model allows forming the forecast dynamics of the most
   important macroeconomic characteristics of the region , taking into account
   the internal direct and backward linkages between the various elements of
   such a system and the existing restrictions . the computer implementation of
   this model is performed in the simulation system powersim , which supports
   the methods of system dynamics , as well as the possibility of finding
   suboptimal solutions using genetic optimization algorithms . an important
   optimization problem of the regionto maximize the integral index the gross
   regional product under multiple constraints is formulated . to solve this
   optimization problem , a genetic optimization algorithm ( ga ) was chosen ,
   the feature of which is the aggregation of the target functional with a
   simulation model of the region ( implemented in powersim ) . numerical
   studies have been carried out to predict the grp of the krasnoyarsk region
   under various scenario conditions , in particular , for the basic scenario ,
   in which the current values of the control parameters of the system are
   stored and for the best scenario , in which the values of the corresponding
   control parameters are calculated as a result of solving the problem of the
   formulated optimization problem using the created optimization module (
   genetic algorithm ) . with the help of a simulation model on real data we
   demonstrated the possibility of improving the economic situation in the
   krasnoyarsk region , mainly due to increased investment in human capital ,
   affecting the dynamics of scientific and technological progress and grp ,
   respectively .
DE simulation modeling; regional economy; system dynamics; krasnoyarsk region

---

UT 284
AR Simonetto ED, 2014, INT J ENVIRON SUSTAI, V13, P339, DOI
   10.1504/IJESD.2014.064960
TI Simulation computer to evaluate scenarios of solid waste - an approach using
   systems dynamics
AU Simonetto ED
TC 7
SO INT J ENV SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2014
AB the article presents the development , validation and experimentation of
   simulation model using systems dynamics methodology , which allows users and
   managers to evaluate and analyze scenarios about the generation and disposal
   of urban solid waste . the developed model takes into account the following
   rates and information : rate of population natural increase ( births and
   deaths ) , percentage of urban solid waste sent to each type of final
   disposal and the quantity of waste generated per inhabitant . the simulated
   scenarios take into account three distinct situations : a ) current scenario
   with varying rates . b ) current scenario with static rates . c ) scenario
   with rates similar to the netherlands ' s . the model ' s validation was
   developed through the analysis of future scenarios for a municipality in
   brazil ' s southern region . with the generated results , the area managers
   may , in advance , evaluate and decide possible ways for improvements or
   adjustments in the management of municipal solid waste . the best simulated
   scenario was with rates similar to the netherlands ' s . for the system
   modeling and development vensim simulator was used .
DE solid-waste; computational simulation; decision-making process; population
   growth

---

UT 285
AR Zhang H, 2021, KNOWL MAN RES PRACT, V19, P370, DOI
   10.1080/14778238.2020.1767521
TI Dynamic simulation research on the effect of resource heterogeneity on
   knowledge transfer in R&D alliances
AU Zhang H; Zhou MF; Rao HG; Zhou D
TC 18
SO KNOWL MANAG RES PR
PY 2021
AB this paper investigates the effect of resource heterogeneity on knowledge
   transfer in r and d alliances based on system dynamics method . based on
   literature review , we identify the factors that affect knowledge transfer
   in r and d alliances , and analyze the effect of the organizational and
   network resource heterogeneity on knowledge transfer in r and d alliances .
   on this basis , we use system dynamics method to analyze the causality of
   the effect of the organizational and network resource heterogeneities on
   knowledge transfer , establish the model of system flow chart , and use
   vensim ple software to perform simulation and sensitivity analyzes of the
   model . the results show that there is an inverted you_shaped relationship
   between the organizational resource heterogeneity and knowledge transfer and
   that network resource heterogeneity has a positive effect on knowledge
   transfer in r and d alliances . our research provides valuable insights into
   the exploitation of resource heterogeneity in r and d alliances to
   facilitate effective knowledge transfer .
DE r and d alliance; organizational resource heterogeneity; network resource
   heterogeneity; knowledge transfer; system dynamics
ID absorptive-capacity; strategic alliances; development cooperation; network
   structure; firm performance; diversity; innovation; capabilities; cost;
   competence

---

UT 286
AR Zeng X, 2021, IEEE ACCESS, V9, P156313, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3129246
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Simulation of Enterprise Patent Management
   Optimization
AU Zeng X; Deng LB; Li WY
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2021
AB taking the perspective of cybernetics theory , enterprise patent management
   can be described as a controllable information system which includes various
   activities and performances . this paper aims to analysis the relationship
   between enterprise patent activities and patent performance , and to help
   convert technological innovation achievements into patent rights more
   effectively and consolidate technology superiority . this paper uses system
   dynamics method to construct a multiscale nonlinear enterprise patent
   management model . validity of this model is tested , simulation is
   conducted in vensim , sensitivity analysis of this model shows that :
   technology disclosure sufficiency does not have much influence on patent
   application quantity , but it has strongly positive effect on patent grant
   rate and patent portfolio diversity , it can also lower the risk of patent
   circumvention . simulation shows that technology disclosure sufficiency is a
   key determinant to reduce information loss and improve output efficiency of
   enterprise patent management system . collaboration of r and d personnel ,
   patent engineers and patent agencies should be enhanced to improve tds , so
   as to promote enterprise patent management efficiency . this sd model
   provides a foundation for future research in patent management optimization
   .
DE patents; analytical models; computational modeling; technological
   innovation; research and development; productivity; mathematical models;
   system analysis and design; multiscale nonlinear system; patent management;
   computer simulation
ID disclosure

---

UT 287
AR Sadabadi AA, 2023, J ENV PLAN MANAG, V66, P1938, DOI
   10.1080/09640568.2022.2043837
TI Photovoltaic technological innovation system (PV TIS) in Iran: identifying
   barriers, incentives, dynamics and developing policies
AU Sadabadi AA; Rad ZR; Azimzadeh H
TC 8
SO J ENV PLAN MANAG
PY 2023
AB transition to sustainable energies is a fast_growing field of research .
   modeling complex systems can expand our possibilities in this field through
   quantitative analysis . photovoltaic technology is one the best potential
   energy sources in iran but until now , this technology has not been diffused
   appropriately . according to the review of research on pv it is , it was
   found that in developing countries such as iran , quantitative analyzes
   based on simulation by system dynamics have not been performed and also ,
   positive and negative effective factors on this system ( incentives and
   barriers ) , not comprehensively identified . therefore , in this study , at
   first , positive and negative effective factors in the pv it is of iran were
   identified and in the next stage , innovation engines were extracted . in
   order to develop improvement policies , iran ' s pv it is has been modeled
   using a system dynamics approach , and quantitative analyzes related to its
   performance have been presented using vensim ple software . finally , in
   this study , some policies have been developed to promote pv it is
   performance .
DE photovoltaic ( pv ); technological innovation system ( tis ); incentives and
   barriers; system dynamics ( sd ); policymaking
ID renewable energy technology; multilevel perspective; solar pv; framework;
   model; transitions; management; evolution; diffusion; issues

---

UT 288
AR You MJ, 2019, J KOREAN ACAD NURS, V49, P398, DOI 10.4040/jkan.2019.49.4.398
TI Development of a Quantitative Model on Adolescent Cyberbullying Victims in
   Korea: A System Dynamics Approach
AU You MJ; Ham EM
TC 0
SO J KOREAN ACAD NURS
PY 2019
AB purpose . this study used a system dynamics methodology to identify
   correlation and nonlinear feedback structures among factors affecting
   adolescent cyberbullying victims ( cv ) in korea and to construct and verify
   a simulation model . methods factors affecting cv were identified by
   reviewing a theoretical background in existing literature and referencing
   various statistical data . related variables were identified through content
   validity verification by an expert group , after which a causal loop diagram
   ( cld ) was constructed based on the variables . a stock_flow diagram ( sfd
   ) using vensim professional 7.3 was used to establish a cv model . results :
   based on the literature review and expert verification , 22 variables
   associated with cv were identified and the cld was prepared . next , a model
   was developed by converting the cld to an sfd . the simulation results
   showed that the variables such as negative emotions , stress levels , high
   levels of conflict in schools , parental monitoring , and time spent using
   new media had the strongest effects on cv . the model ' s validity was
   verified using equation check , sensitivity analysis for time_step and
   simulation with 4 cv adolescent . condusion : the system dynamics model
   constructed in this study can be used to develop intervention strategies in
   schools that are focused on counseling that can prevent cyberbullying and
   assist in the victims ' recovery by formulating a feedback structure and
   capturing the dynamic changes observed in cv . to prevent cyberbullying , it
   is necessary to develop more effective strategies such as prevention
   education , counseling and treatment that considers factors pertaining to
   the individual , family , school , and media .
DE adolescent; bullying; nonlinear dynamics

---

UT 289
AR Rius-Sorolla G, 2015, DIR ORGAN, V55, P44
TI Evaluation of two strategies coordinated through supply system dynamics: a
   case study in the field of construction materials
AU Rius-Sorolla G; Maheut J; Estélles-Miguel S; Garcia-Sabater JP
TC 0
SO DIR ORGAN
PY 2015
AB in this paper , a simulation modeling using system dynamics ( vensim ( r ) )
   to propose an alternative coordination solution between two companies in the
   construction sector . it is provided a comparison between the field results
   of an alternative solution provided by the adhesive company in response of
   his customer collaboration request , kitchen bench company , to manage the
   supply and the results of the simulation model .
DE simulation; case study; collaboration; coordination

---

UT 290
AR Zhang C, 2020, SAGE OPEN, V10, DOI 10.1177/2158244020970214
TI A New Method for Computing Letter of Credit Risks
AU Zhang C; Hu N
TC 1
SO SAGE OPEN
PY 2020
AB this study targets problems in the risk assessment and control processes of
   letter of credit settlements for chinese export enterprises . it applies the
   quantitative method of exploratory factor analysis to extract the main
   factors and uses a confirmatory factor analysis to test the validity these
   constructs . vensim software is used to design the system dynamics causal
   tree and flowchart of the letter of credit system . the equation sets of
   danamo parameters are then constructed using the software . finally ,
   through analysis of the system risk fluctuation diagram with system
   simulation , it offers enterprises advice on how to identify potential risk
   points to prevent and control letter of credit risks in advance .
DE factor analysis; system dynamics simulation; letter of credit settlement
   risk
ID trade

---

UT 291
AR Liu JK, 2022, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V29, P12614, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-15816-z
TI Risk sharing for PPP project in construction waste recycling industry in
   China
AU Liu JK; Hua ZW; Pang YS; Wang XT
TC 21
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB with the deepening urbanization , urban renewal , and reconstruction
   movement in china , a large amount of construction waste has been generated
   . in order to ease the financial pressure on the government to deal with
   construction waste , introducing the ppp model in the construction waste
   recycling industry has become popular . based on the theory of system
   dynamics , this paper studies the risks of using the ppp model in
   construction waste recycling industry . first , a causal loop diagram was
   depicted according to the interaction of the main risk factors . then ,
   using the system dynamics software vensim , a dynamic model of the risks of
   the ppp project was constructed . the results show the following : ( 1 ) the
   ppp project in the construction waste recycling industry is profitable . ( 2
   ) for the ppp project in the construction waste recycling industry , the
   tendering risk will break out in 6 similar to 7 years , the greatest impact
   on tendering risk is the cooperation environment risk , where cooperation
   environment risk entropy is increased by 50 % and tendering risk entropy is
   increased by 53.66 % . ( 3 ) construction risks will break out in 7 similar
   to 8 years . the construction cost , construction delay , and design defects
   have the greatest impact on construction risks , where entropy is increased
   by 50 % and construction risk entropy is increased by 19.30 % , 19.25 % ,
   and 19.08 % , respectively . ( 4 ) the operational risk has not broken out
   in 10 years and is expected to break out in 10 to 20 years . raw material
   power supply , production technology level , and operations management
   efficiency have the greatest impact on operational risk , where entropy is
   increased by 50 % and operational risk entropy is increased by 21.52 % ,
   20.84 % , and 20.76 % , respectively . these results can provide suggestions
   and references for the risk management of ppp projects in china ' s
   construction waste recycling industry .
DE ppp ( public-private partnership ); construction waste recycling; risk;
   system dynamics
ID public-private partnership; energy incineration projects; demolition waste;
   hong-kong; management

---

UT 292
AR Xia YJ, 2026, SYST, V14, DOI 10.3390/systems14030254
TI Research on Simulation and Structural Optimization of Integrated Crop-
   Livestock Systems in Jilin Province
AU Xia YJ; Lv XY; Xu S; Guo HP
TC 0
SO SYST
PY 2026
AB the integrated crop_livestock farming model not only enhances resource
   utilization efficiency and reduces environmental pollution but also serves
   as a vital pathway for promoting sustainable agricultural development .
   system dynamics models enable in_depth analysis of dynamic system changes .
   therefore , in this study , we constructed a comprehensive system dynamics
   model for the combination of farming and raising in jilin province , and
   used vensim_ple software ( version 6.3 ) to simulate and predict the dynamic
   changes of the agricultural structure and the future development trend based
   on the data of the planting and raising industry from 2006 to 2021 . the
   results of the study show that : ( 1 ) it is expected that by 2035 , the
   grain crop production , cash crop production , hog and beef cattle output ,
   as well as the utilization of straw and livestock and poultry manure in
   jilin province will increase significantly . and the livestock and poultry
   manure load warning value reaches 0.35 , which does not pose a threat to the
   environment . ( 2 ) by setting the simulation structure optimization
   analysis , it is found that the integrated crop_livestock systems performs
   the best in terms of economic , social , ecological and environmental
   benefits . ( 3 ) in 2035 , jilin province should control the total crop
   planting area within 7250 thousand hectares , the number of hog output
   should not exceed 25 million , and the number of beef cattle slaughtered
   should not exceed 4.25 million , so as to ensure that the early warning
   value of livestock and poultry fecal matter loading is lower than 0.4 , and
   to achieve the balance of farming and maximize economic benefits . finally ,
   this paper proposes policy recommendations to optimize crop structures ,
   develop precision farming and aquaculture technologies , establish resource
   recycling projects , and strengthen policy support and technology promotion
   .
DE integrated crop-livestock systems; sustainable development; scenario
   simulation; system dynamics
ID ecological recycling agriculture; nitrogen losses; manure; productivity

---

UT 293
AR Bin Asad S, 2026, CONSTR MANAG ECON, DOI 10.1080/01446193.2026.2648601
TI Interactions of factors affecting the implementation of Integrated Project
   Delivery in the New Zealand construction industry: a system dynamics and
   network analysis approach
AU Bin Asad S; Purushothaman MB; Poshdar M
TC 0
SO CONSTR MANAG ECON
PY 2026
AB integrated project delivery ( ipd ) is a collaborative project delivery
   approach that brings together people , systems , and practices to reduce
   waste , enhance sustainability , and improve project outcomes . this study
   examined the factors and their interactions hindering ipd implementation in
   new zealand ( nz ) through 18 semi_structured interviews with local
   construction professionals . using manual coding and vensim visualization ,
   the study identified key challenges and their interactions . critical
   factors include resistance to change , low technology adoption , high
   initial investment costs , insufficient mutual respect and trust , client '
   s resistance , and lack of industry standardization . key challenges in nz
   include a lack of information on ipd outcomes , a limited number of
   contractors and consultants , governance conflicts , a preference for
   traditional models , resistance to change among experienced professionals ,
   contractor liquidations , subcontractors taking main contractor roles , and
   project size . the research used network analysis methods , such as degree
   and eigenvector centrality , and causal chain analysis to identify critical
   factors and chains affecting ipd uptake . the findings compare nz ' s
   challenges with global experiences , highlighting both unique and common
   obstacles . while the limited sample size ( 18 professionals ) is a
   constraint , the research provides insights to help researchers and
   practitioners address factors and their interactions to support sustainable
   construction practices in nz .
DE integrated project delivery ( ipd ); factors; interactions; system dynamics;
   network analysis
ID centrality; framework; bim

---

UT 294
AR Sokame BM, 2021, SCI REP-UK, V11, DOI 10.1038/s41598-020-79553-y
TI A system dynamics model for pests and natural enemies interactions
AU Sokame BM/1; Tonnang HEZ; Subramanian S; Bruce AY; Dubois T; Ekesi S;
   Calatayud PA
TC 24
SO SCI REP
PY 2021
AB stemborers ( busseola fusca , sesamia calamistis and chilo partellus ) , the
   fall armyworm ( spodoptera frugiperda ) and associated parasitoids
   constitute an interacting system in maize fields in kenya . this work aims
   at developing and evaluating models that represent the evolution of those
   interactions by applying system thinking and system dynamics approaches with
   its archetypes [ causal loop diagram ( cld ) , reinforcing ( r ) and
   balancing ( b ) ] to analyze the population of these multi_species systems .
   the software vensim ple 8.0.9 was used to implement the models and carry out
   the simulations of single_and multi_species systems . the results showed
   that when a single pest species with its associated parasitoids interact
   with the host plant , the species was able to establish and sustain by
   cyclical relationship between populations of the pest and the associated
   parasitoids . however , in multi_pest species systems , dominance of s .
   frugiperda and c . partellus over b . fusca and s . calamistis was observed
   , but without extinction . however , there was a likelihood for b . fusca
   being displaced by c . partellus . overall , the models predict the
   co_existence of fall armyworm with stemborer species as an additional pest
   of maize in africa that need to be considered henceforth in designing ipm
   strategies in maize .
ID spodoptera-frugiperda lepidoptera; fly bactrocera-invadens; stem borers;
   competitive displacement; ceratitis-cosyra; chilo-partellus; fall armyworm;
   fruit-fly; maize; noctuidae

---

UT 295
AR Wang C, 2018, PROC INST CIV ENG-MUNIC ENG, V171, P185, DOI
   10.1680/jmuen.16.00044
TI System dynamics simulation on municipal solid waste in Hong Kong
AU Wang C
TC 2
SO PROC INST CIV ENG-MUNIC ENG
PY 2018
AB the municipal solid waste ( msw ) generation in hong kong ( hk ) is
   increasing at a rapid pace , resulting in health and environmental issues
   for the public . compared with singapore and shanghai , hk has a higher msw
   generation rate due to less effective measures and government policies . to
   forecast the msw generation and recycling in hk , system dynamics modeling
   was conducted using vensim 6.0 , based on the data collected from
   semi_structured interviews and official reports in the environmental
   protection department of hk , the national environmental agency singapore
   and shanghai environmental protection agency that regularly provide
   statistics on waste outputs . the simulation results show that shortly the
   msw in hk will increase based on the current growth rates , and along with
   that , recycling will also increase . the recycling rates will offset that
   of the msw generation due to the closure of landfills , and msw will be
   effectively recycled due to more advanced disposal techniques . the
   strategies developed by the hk government will be able to manage the msw
   disposal , but the city will experience more severe msw conditions in the
   future as its landfills are expected to close earlier than planned .
   recommendations for hk to deal with msw generation were derived from the
   experiences in singapore and shanghai .
DE dynamics; landfills; waste management  and  disposal
ID management; disposal; prefabrication; construction; separation

---

UT 296
AR Li MN, 2014, COMPUT BIOL MED, V47, P58, DOI 10.1016/j.compbiomed.2013.09.024
TI The problem of unreasonably high pharmaceutical fees for patients in Chinese
   hospitals: A system dynamics simulation model
AU Li MN/1; Zhu YG; Xue C; Li Y/1; Zhang LL
TC 8
SO COMPUT BIOL MED
PY 2014
AB the social problem of unreasonably high pharmaceutical costs for patients in
   chinese hospitals damages the interests of patients and it has a highly
   negative impact on the long_term development of the chinese health service .
   we constructed a system dynamics model to address two problems , i . e . ,
   the unreasonably high prices of drugs and the high level of pharmaceutical
   fees relative to the medical costs of patients , and we suggest
   countermeasures and possible solutions . the program vensim dss was used to
   construct a system dynamics model to represent the problem of high
   pharmaceutical fees for patients in chinese hospitals . if hospital and
   medical staff receive a higher kickback rate , they are more likely to
   prescribe unnecessary expensive drugs to make greater profits , which
   results in unnecessary drug consumption and irrational drug use , eventually
   leading to unreasonably high pharmaceutical fees . the benefit chain of the
   main drug suppliers should be cut off . it is necessary to break the link
   between the profits from pharmaceutical sales and the prescribing behavior
   of physicians , and hospital incomes , to avoid any conflicts of interest
   over how medicines are prescribed . thus , cost_containment measures and a
   reformed pharmaceutical distribution system are needed to regulate
   physicians and hospital interaction . 0 2013 the authors . published by
   elsevier ltd . open access under cc by_nc_nd license .
ID policy; issues; incentives; management; chain

---

UT 297
AR Chaves R, 2013, CHEMOSPHERE, V90, P2428, DOI
   10.1016/j.chemosphere.2012.10.082
TI Application of System Dynamics technique to simulate the fate of persistent
   organic pollutants in soils
AU Chaves R; López D; Macías F; Casares J; Monterroso C
TC 11
SO CHEMOSPHERE
PY 2013
AB persistent organic pollutants ( pops ) are within the most dangerous
   pollutants released into the environment by human activities . due to their
   resistance to degradation ( chemical , biological or photolytic ) , it is
   critical to assess the fate and environmental hazards of the exchange of
   pops between different environmental media . system dynamics enables to
   represent complex systems and analyze their dynamic behavior . it provides a
   highly visual representation of the structure of the system and the existing
   relationships between the several parameters and variables , facilitating
   the understanding of the behavior of the system . in the present study the
   fate of gamma_hexachlorocyclohexane ( lindane ) in a contaminated soil was
   modeled using the vensim ( r ) simulation software . results show a gradual
   decrease in the lindane content in the soil during a simulation period of 10
   years . the most important route affecting the concentrations of the
   contaminant was the biochemical degradation , followed by infiltration and
   hydrodynamic dispersion . the model appeared to be highly sensitive to the
   half_life of the pollutant , which value depends on environmental conditions
   and directly affects the biochemical degradation . ( c ) 2012 elsevier ltd .
   all rights reserved .
DE environmental modeling; vensim; persistent pesticides; contaminated soils
ID root uptake; model; hexachlorocyclohexane; transport; growth; dispersion;
   chemicals; water

---

UT 298
AR Zhu HQ, 2023, ENV ENG MANAG J, V22, P825, DOI 10.30638/eemj.2023.065
TI MOTIVATING MULTIPLE STAKEHOLDERS FOR GREEN GOVERNANCE OF EXPRESS PACKAGING
   WASTE: AN INTEGRATED APPROACH UTILIZING EVOLUTIONARY GAME THEORY AND SYSTEM
   DYNAMICS
AU Zhu HQ; Jiang TH; Liu L/2
TC 4
SO ENV ENG MANAG J
PY 2023
AB the increase in express packaging waste has led to serious environmental
   pollution that urgently needs to be green governed . however , to carry out
   green governance , multiple stakeholders are needed to take full advantage
   of the joint effect . this paper considered the government , express
   enterprises and consumers to be the main stakeholders , constructed a
   tripartite game model to investigate the evolutionary decision_making
   process based on evolutionary game theory , and then performed simulation
   analysis using vensim software to explore the main driving factors . the
   main conclusions are as follows : enterprise subsidies affect only express
   enterprises , but all three types of stakeholders are sensitive to changes
   in consumer subsidies . when the government combines the two kinds of
   subsidies , consumer subsidies play a major role . the penalty strategies
   are more effective than the subsidy strategies . the higher the penalty is
   for enterprises , the sooner express enterprises will adopt green behavior
   strategies and consumers will adopt participation strategies . if penalties
   and subsidies are used simultaneously , the penalties always play a major
   role . in addition , the effect of low green investment costs and high
   public_praise benefits is almost the same , meaning that implicit benefits
   are just as important as explicit ones . therefore , both environmental
   publicity and technological innovation can play a positive effect .
DE behavior strategy; evolutionary game theory; express packaging waste; green
   governance; system dynamics
ID performance; management; reputation; behavior; market; impact

---

UT 299
AR [Anonymous], 2022, INT J EARLY CHILD SPEC EDUC, V14, P3645, DOI 10.9756/INT-
   JECSE/V14I2.393
TI Provide a dynamic model for assessing public trust and participation in the
   field of taxation
TC 0
SO INT J EARLY CHILD SPEC EDUC
PY 2022
AB today , tax revenues are of particular importance in the financing of
   governments , so that taxes legitimize a government . increasing tax
   revenues and paying more attention to this issue is imperative . especially
   in the single_product economy similar to iran , whose main source of income
   is volatile and unpredictable oil revenues . in this study , while briefly
   introducing the presented models and classifying them , the effective
   factors in assessing_trust and public participation in the field of taxation
   have been studied and identified with a non_aligned approach , managerial
   factors , political factors and managerial factors . then , in order to
   better understand the variables affecting this relationship and to
   understand the existing dynamisms , using the system dynamics modeling
   approach and drawing causal_circular diagrams ( cld ) , a model for
   evaluating public trust and participation in the field of taxation is
   presented and finally similar . the construction is done by vensim software
   . six basic scenarios of principal component increase and one scenario of
   simultaneous increase of all principal components simultaneously were
   analyzed as model levers . the simulation results show a greater positive
   effect of economic factors on public trust and participation in the field of
   taxation , with the point that the effect of economic factors is greater
   than the simultaneous application of all components .
DE system dynamics; trust and public participation; taxation
ID tax; culture

---

UT 300
AR Liang L, 2021, SAGE OPEN, V11, DOI 10.1177/21582440211026954
TI Novel Optimization-Based Parameter Estimation Method for the Bass Diffusion
   Model
AU Liang L
TC 1
SO SAGE OPEN
PY 2021
AB the bass model is the most popular model for forecasting the diffusion
   process of a new product . however , the controlling parameters in it are
   unknown in practice and need to be determined in advance . currently , the
   estimation of the controlling parameters has been approached by various
   techniques . in this case , a novel optimization_based parameter estimation
   ( ope ) method for the bass model is proposed in the theoretical framework
   of system dynamics ( sd ) . to do this , the sd model of the bass
   differential equation is first established and then the corresponding
   optimization mathematical model is formulated by introducing the controlling
   parameters as design variable and the discrepancy of the adopter function to
   the reference value as objective function . using the vensim software , the
   present sd optimization model is solved , and its effectiveness and accuracy
   are demonstrated by two examples : one involves the exact solution and
   another is related to the actual user diffusion problem from chinese mobile
   . the results show that the present ope method can produce higher predicting
   accuracy of the controlling parameters than the nonlinear weighted least
   squares method and the genetic algorithms . moreover , the reliability
   interval of the estimated parameters and the goodness of fitting of the
   optimal results are given as well to further demonstrate the accuracy of the
   present ope method .
DE bass model; parameter estimation; system dynamics; optimization
ID china; validation

---

UT 301
AR Sokame BM/1, 2025, AGRIC ECOSYST ENV, V380, DOI 10.1016/j.agee.2024.109378
TI A system dynamics model for predicting African armyworm occurrence and
   population dynamics
AU Sokame BM/1; Kipkorir B; Agboka KM; Niassy S; Belayneh Y; Elkahky M; Tonnang
   HEZ
TC 1
SO AGRIC ECOSYST ENV
PY 2025
AB this study develops a comprehensive system dynamics model to predict and
   manage african armyworm ( spodoptera exempta ) outbreaks , a major threat to
   cereal crops across africa . we applied system dynamics approache with its
   archetypes ( causal loop diagram ( cld ) , reinforcing ( r ) and balancing (
   b ) ) to analyze the population dynamics of the pest . the vensim modeling
   platform ( ventana systems inc . , dss 8.2 ) was used to implement the
   models and carry out the simulations . the research integrates extensive
   data from 1980 to 2023 , encompassing the african armyworm ' s life cycle
   stages , climatic variables , and intervention strategies , to simulate
   potential outbreak scenarios and evaluate the impacts of various control
   measures . the model demonstrates the ability to accurately capture the
   solitary and gregarious phases of the armyworm , showing how different
   climatic conditions influence these phases and affect the outbreak patterns
   across various african regions . the findings reveal that precipitation and
   humidity are critical factors affecting african armyworm outbreaks , with
   variations in these elements significantly influencing the pest population
   dynamics . scenario analysis within the model indicates that integrated pest
   management ( ipm ) strategies , which combine biological control , cultural
   practices , and chemical methods , can effectively reduce armyworm
   populations , and mitigate crop damage . this approach not only helps manage
   current infestations but also contributes to sustainable agricultural
   practices by reducing reliance on chemical pesticides . the simulations of
   the model provide insights into the timing and intensity of armyworm
   outbreaks and illustrate how different interventions can alter these
   dynamics . for instance , the study highlights the effectiveness of early
   intervention and the potential consequences of delayed action , underscoring
   the importance of timely and informed decision_making in pest management .
   this research advances the understanding of african armyworm ecology and
   management by providing an approach that can predict outbreaks and evaluate
   the effectiveness of various control strategies under different climatic
   conditions . by incorporating real_world data and simulating realistic
   scenarios , the model offers a valuable resource for researchers ,
   policymakers , and farmers in developing targeted , effective , and
   sustainable pest management strategies . this study stands out for its
   unique integration of biological , ecological , and ipm strategies ,
   providing a holistic approach to addressing the challenges posed by s .
   exempta outbreaks in africa . the implications of this work are significant
   , offering potential to enhance food security and economic stability in
   regions affected by the african armyworm , thereby supporting broader
   efforts to manage agricultural pests in a changing global climate .
DE african armyworm prediction; climatic variables; integrated pest management;
   sustainable agriculture
ID spodoptera-exempta lepidoptera; management; noctuidae; migration; increase;
   pest

---

UT 302
AR Ma JR, 2025, PLOS COMPUT BIOL, V21, DOI 10.1371/journal.pcbi.1013186
TI Optimization of echinococcosis control measures based on system dynamics
AU Ma JR; Liu XY; He ZW; Zhang HH; Ma YH; Fan ZQ; Zhao XH; Zhi J; Cao Q; Xue
   HW; Gou HT
TC 1
SO PLOS COMPUT BIOL
PY 2025
AB this study aimed to provide strategies to optimize the prevention and
   control measures of echinococcosis in gansu province . based on the
   transmission mechanism of echinococcosis , a system dynamics ( sd ) model of
   echinococcosis in gansu province was established using vensim software .
   through this model , parameters such as vaccination coverage , domestic dog
   deworming coverage , slaughter management level , and health education level
   were adjusted to predict the changing trends in the number of human cases
   and infected sheep . the results showed that the number of human cases was
   most sensitive to the adjustment of health education level , followed by
   changes to vaccination coverage . the number of infected sheep was most
   sensitive to the adjustment of vaccination coverage , followed by the
   adjustment of slaughter management level . based on these simulation results
   , the prevention and control measures for echinococcosis in gansu province
   were further optimized . the results showed that if the health education
   level and the vaccination coverage were increased by 50 % and 40 % ,
   respectively , based on the current prevention and control levels , the
   number of human cases would approach zero by approximately 2026 . when the
   vaccination coverage and slaughter management level increased by 60 % and 45
   % , respectively , based on current prevention and control levels , the
   number of infected sheep would approach zero by approximately 2027 . this
   study applied the sd method to the prevention and control of echinococcosis
   for the first time , and the results can provide key decision_making
   recommendations to optimize the prevention and control measures of
   echinococcosis in gansu province .

---

UT 303
AR Woo TH, 2012, J ENERGY INST, V85, P7, DOI 10.1179/174396711X13116932752236
TI Dynamical risk assessment of electricity generation increasing in nuclear
   power plants
AU Woo TH; Kim YI/1
TC 2
SO J ENERGY INST
PY 2012
AB event characteristics of nuclear power plants have been quantified in the
   aspect of feedback and accumulation for the sustainability of energy . the
   complex and difficult manipulations of the power uprate in nuclear power
   plants for electricity generation increasing are modeled using the system
   dynamics method , which is processed by the feedback and accumulation
   algorithms . safety as well as economic importance is the key point of the
   study . a newly introduced plausible value is used in order to quantify the
   basic event of the scenario . two kinds of considerations , i . e .
   neutronics and thermohydraulics properties , are organized . therefore , the
   result can improve the stability of the operations after the power has been
   decided upon . the maximum value of risk is 140.5 in 2070 and the minimum
   value is 1.0 in 2010 . therefore , the risk of the power uprate increases
   140.5 times higher than the initial value in this study .
DE nuclear power plants; sustainability; power uprate; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 304
AR Nalbur BE, 2024, INT J GLOB WARM, V32, DOI 10.1504/IJGW.2024.135989
TI System dynamics model and discrete-event simulation of green logistics cases
   for the electric bus industries
AU Nalbur BE; Yavas O
TC 5
SO INT J GLOB WARM
PY 2024
AB within the scope of this study , the effect of green logistics activities of
   companies that manufactures electric busses using system dynamics ( sd ) and
   discrete event simulation ( des ) models were investigated . hybrid research
   was carried out using vensim ( r ) software for the sd model , whereas arena
   ( r ) simulation was for the des model . when the results are examined ,
   milk_run applications can provide a > 90 % reduction to the company ' s
   scope 3 carbon emissions , while reverse logistics applications provide a 22
   % reduction . additionally , 2 % was found to be the influence of green
   logistics activities on the corporate carbon footprint of the electric bus
   company .
DE sustainability management; green logistics; sd model; des model; electricity
   vehicles; carbon footprint
ID management

---

UT 305
AR Haiyirete X, 2024, SYST, V12, DOI 10.3390/systems12080315
TI Research on Safety Decision-Making Behavior in Megaprojects
AU Haiyirete X; Gan XC; Wang J
TC 1
SO SYST
PY 2024
AB this research takes the construction companies and supervision units of
   megaprojects as the research objects and studies safety issues in
   construction decision_making for megaprojects . using evolutionary game
   theory , we construct an evolutionary game model of safety decision_making
   behavior for construction companies and supervision units based on the
   bounded rationality assumption . the interaction and dynamic patterns of
   safety behaviors between the two construction entities are analyzed .
   additionally , system dynamics vensim ple 10.2.1 software is employed to
   simulate and analyze the behavior of single entities as well as the impact
   of exogenous variables on the safety decision_making choices of both units .
   the research results indicate that positive choices in safety behavior
   decision_making contribute to enhancing the stability of megaproject
   construction . exogenous variables significantly influence the safety
   behavior decisions of both the construction companies and the supervision
   units in megaprojects . an increase in cooperation benefits between the two
   parties fosters their active collaboration in completing mega engineering
   projects . this research promotes cooperation between construction companies
   and supervision units during a construction process and provides a reference
   for the safe and orderly implementation and development of megaprojects .
DE megaprojects; evolutionary game; construction safety decision-making;
   systems dynamics
ID risk management; challenges; governance; construction; performance;
   delivery; progress

---

UT 306
AR Nie RS, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16062341
TI Research on the Dynamic Model of Emergency Rescue Resource-Allocation
   Systems for Mine-Fire Accidents, Taking Liquid CO2 Transportation as an
   Example
AU Nie RS; Wang Z/1
TC 4
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB after a mine_fire accident occurs , a large number of emergency resources
   need to be allocated to rescue those involved in the mine_fire accident .
   the allocation of emergency resources for mine_fire accidents has the
   characteristic of being a complex system with strong uncertainty . to
   investigate the impact of various variables on the allocation of emergency
   resources in mine_fire situations , this paper analyzes the relevant factors
   that influence the process of allocating emergency resources during mine
   fires . it defines the variables of the mine_fire emergency
   resource_allocation system based on relevant assumptions . causal loop and
   stock flow diagrams are drawn to illustrate the relationships between the
   variables and the system dynamics equation . finally , a system dynamics
   model for mine_fire emergency resource allocation is established . the
   vensim software was used to simulate the model of a mine_fire emergency
   rescue . the simulation produced curves for the evolution rate of the fire ,
   the arrival rate , the demand for emergency resources , in_transit resources
   , arrival , and the usage of resources during the emergency . the results
   indicate a positive correlation between the quantity of emergency resources
   in_transit and the arrival rate of emergency resources : they are positively
   correlated with the amount of emergency_management investment . additionally
   , the duration of the maximum quantity of emergency resources in_transit is
   positively correlated with the length of the emergency resource_allocation
   route . on the other hand , the evolution rate of the mine fire and the
   arrival rate of its emergency resources are negatively correlated with the
   level of emergency management . the evolution rate of the mine fire becomes
   larger and the damage caused by the mine_fire accident is greater when the
   decision_making ability of commanders is at a low level .
DE mine fire; system dynamics; emergency resources allocation; emergency
   rescue; system simulation

---

UT 307
AR Wang G, 2021, APPL ECOL ENV RES, V19, P525, DOI 10.15666/aeer/1901_525548
TI SIMULATION STUDY ON THE ARTIFICIAL ECOSYSTEM OF MARINE RANCHING AT DALIAN
   ZHANGZI ISLAND
AU Wang G; Guan XX; Shi YH
TC 5
SO APPL ECOL ENV RES
PY 2021
AB this study is based on the vensim model with the yesso scallop food chain as
   the core , combined with the multiple feedback effects of functional groups
   and environmental changes , to build an ecologicalenvironment_economy system
   dynamics simulation model of marine ranching , which is both human and
   natural multi_factor feedback scenarios are simulated and predicted . the
   research results show that under natural conditions , the yield of yesso
   scallop is mainly affected by natural disasters , with a stable period of
   about 10 billion grains , and the output value fluctuates around 10,236,922
   eur . the four controllable variables , fishing policy , development
   environment of yesso scallop , sudden major natural disaster coefficient ,
   and long_thorn starfish outbreak coefficient , have the most significant
   impact on yesso scallop production . the large_scale outbreak and sudden
   large_scale outbreak of the long thorn starfish natural disasters can cause
   destructive production reductions in the yesso scallop , but the local
   economic losses can be minimized through human control . the simulation
   model provides a scientific and feasible method for exploring the ecological
   elasticity of marine ranches and the maximum output of economic species .
DE ecosystem; system dynamics; ecological restoration; multi-scenario
   simulation

---

UT 308
AR Dong YY, 2024, KNOWL MANAG RES PR, V22, P282, DOI
   10.1080/14778238.2023.2189170
TI Research on the process of knowledge value co-creation between manufacturing
   enterprises and internet enterprises
AU Dong YY; Yao XR; Wei ZP
TC 6
SO KNOWL MANAG RES PR
PY 2024
AB this research establishes a theoretical framework for knowledge value
   co_creation and analyzes the knowledge value co_creation process of
   manufacturing enterprises and internet enterprises with the internet
   platform participation in three stages . meanwhile , we use the system
   dynamics method to analyze the causality of knowledge value co_creation ,
   establish the model of the system flow chart , and use vensim software to
   perform simulation and sensitivity analyzes of the model . the findings show
   that cloud computing capability can increase the knowledge stock of
   manufacturing enterprises and internet enterprises . the knowledge
   governance environment of the internet platform has a significant impact on
   the knowledge value co_creation of both partners . improving the level of
   smart manufacturing can increase the amount of knowledge innovation of
   manufacturing enterprises but has a small impact on the knowledge stock of
   internet enterprises . our research provides practical guidance to enhance
   the knowledge value co_creation between manufacturing enterprises and
   internet enterprises .
DE knowledge value co-creation; system dynamics model; knowledge transfer

---

UT 309
AR [Anonymous], 2022, J GEOGR SCI, V32, P1513, DOI 10.1007/s11442-022-2008-3
TI Simulating the development of resilient human settlement in Changsha
TC 17
SO J GEOGR SCI
PY 2022
AB using the system dynamics simulation software vensim ple , we built a model
   to simulate the development of resilient human settlement in changsha . this
   model includes five subsystems : living , economy , society , ecology and
   engineering . the model simulates various scenarios , based on different
   parameter settings to predict the trend of human settlement from 2019_2040
   in changsha . it puts forward four development programs under different
   simulation scenarios . the results show that the current system of human
   settling lacks self_regulation and feedback , where simple increases in the
   economy and urbanization can not drive the internal system to progress
   positively . in contrast , the resilient human settlement program is more
   reasonable and scientific , up to the year 2040 , the production , living
   and ecological environment of residents will be markedly improved in terms
   of per capita disposable income , per capita floor space and medical
   insurance coverage . these will increase by 98.9 % , 39.7 % , and 170.7 % ,
   respectively . this system of developing resilient human settlement provides
   feedback according to the internal relation loops and thus drives itself to
   adjust and recover , achieving harmonious and sustainable development . in
   the forthcoming development , we should take the initiative to optimize
   economic development and upgrade industrial structures , establish emergency
   plans and response mechanisms to enhance human quality of life .
DE human settlement; resilience; system dynamics; simulation; sustainable
   development

---

UT 310
AR Perng YH, 2007, QUAL MANAG BUS EXCELL, V18, P731, DOI
   10.1080/14783360701349716
TI A service quality improvement dynamic decision support system for
   refurbishment contractors
AU Perng YH; Hsia YP; Lu HJ
TC 17
SO QUAL MANAG BUS EXCELL
PY 2007
AB a refurbishment industry grows as a nation gradually develops . to assist
   contractors in building core competencies as well as sustaining competitive
   advantages , a service quality dynamic decision support system ( sqddss ) is
   proposed in this paper . this system adopts the system dynamics approach as
   the construction model for continuous improvement of service quality . on
   the basis of quantitative management , a cyclic procedure is developed ,
   including current assessment , issue investigation , strategy_making ,
   execution performance , feedback and improvement . aided by feedback loop
   analysis in the dynamic system and longitudinal case simulation for all
   related scenarios , the decision_maker may constantly achieve optimal
   strategies . the procedure consists of a model base module , a database
   module and a user interface . within the model base , a service quality
   measurement model is built according to servqual , introduced by parasuraman
   et al . ( 1988 ) , which is provided to measure service quality , while an
   optimal function is applied to assist contractors in developing optimal
   strategy and evaluating required resources . a case of a housing
   refurbishing company sqddss run by the package software , powersim studio is
   selected to demonstrate the proposed system .
DE service quality; system dynamics; decision support system ( dss );
   refurbishment

---

UT 311
AR Kim YI, 2017, J NUCL SCI TECHNOL, V54, P39, DOI
   10.1080/00223131.2016.1204255
TI Safety assessment for the ultimate heat sink (UHS) system with non-injection
   concept in nuclear power plants (NPPs)
AU Kim YI; Woo TH/2
TC 0
SO J NUCL SCI TECHNOL
PY 2017
AB following the fukushima accident , it is proposed to find a better safety
   system , which has a pool_type cooling system without coolant injections .
   since the conventional piping_based injection systems have failed in
   treating the three major severe accidents , the artificial pool could be
   constructed to cover the failed reactor core systems in which the pool_like
   structure is constructed . regarding this study , there were some previous
   studies about the ultimate heat sink ( uhs ) . in this study , the system
   dynamics ( sd ) modeling is performed in the case of fukushima unit 1
   accident . the basic events are obtained by the boolean values as 0 and 1.
   the quantifications are obtained by the sd algorithm incorporated with the
   vensim software . in the simulations work , there is a plateau region
   between the 25th and 45th years in the interested period . the nonlinear
   algorithm is applied for the uhs analysis which was not installed for the
   commercial use yet .
DE fukushima accident; ultimate heat sink ( uhs ); system dynamics ( sd );
   vensim; nuclear power plants
ID strategy

---

UT 312
AR Dai PQ, 2025, PROMET, V37, P1071, DOI 10.7307/ptt.v37i4.844
TI Research on the Operation Strategy of Rural Logistics Network with
   Comprehensive Consideration of Cost, Efficiency and Benefit
AU Dai PQ; Lu CL; Xu J
TC 0
SO PROMET
PY 2025
AB the high_cost and low_efficiency rural logistics network is a bottleneck
   that restricts the flow of commodities and economic development between
   urban and rural areas . in view of this , this paper uses the system
   dynamics modeling method to first analyze the constituent elements of the
   rural logistics network operation system and the relationship between them
   and draw the causal diagram . secondly , quantify the causal diagram with
   the dynamics equations , and establish the stock and flow diagram . thirdly
   , set the relevant parameters , and carry out the structural , parametric
   and sensitivity tests with vensim software . finally , for the scenarios of
   dealing with general commodities and fresh agricultural products , the
   simulation of rural logistics network operation is carried out , which
   reveals the feedback mechanism between network operation efficiency ,
   logistics cost and operating enterprise benefits , and simulates the
   implementation effects of different operation strategies from both
   endogenous and exogenous levels to explore how to build a rural logistics
   network with high efficiency , low cost and increased benefits . the results
   show that networked , organized and intelligent operation plans , logistics
   land use policies , and carbon tax policies are high_leverage measures to
   reduce cost and increase efficiency in rural logistics networks . however ,
   attention should be paid to distinguishing between implementation stages and
   the attributes of the implemented enterprises , focusing on the reduction of
   logistics land cost at the early stage of network construction , levying
   logistics carbon tax and paying attention to the reduction of the transport
   fee rate at the mature stage of network operation and increasing policy
   preferences for fresh agricultural products logistics enterprises .
DE rural logistics network; operation strategy; system dynamics

---

UT 313
AR Flores B, 2024, INT J SIMUL MODEL, V23, P611, DOI 10.2507/IJSIMM23-4-700
TI HYBRID DYNAMIC ANALYSIS OF THE MANUFACTURING PROCESS OF LIGHTWEIGHT BRICKS
AU Flores B; Rodriguez L; Silva U; Loyo J
TC 0
SO INT J SIMUL MODEL
PY 2024
AB in this study , the hybrid simulation approach was adapted using the system
   dynamics methodology to characterize continuous and discrete variables in
   the lightweight brick manufacturing process . vensim ( r ) software was used
   to evaluate the effects of delays in production flows at specific time
   intervals , and the continuous impact of variability in the stages of the
   process was established . the results demonstrate that carrying out a
   continuous evaluation of the input flow of raw material does not impact the
   accumulation of material . however , when assessing the monitoring of delay
   times in a discrete approach , there is a direct impact on batch formation
   and production capacity fulfillment , resulting in an 8.54 % increase . in
   conclusion , it is crucial to not only characterize the variables but also
   to assess their impact using an overarching indicator , such as production
   capacity , rather than focusing solely on subsequent stages . this
   comprehensive approach enables strategic decision_making to identify areas
   of opportunity within the process .
DE manufacturing process; discrete behavior; continuous behavior; hybrid
   simulation; system dynamics
ID simulation-based optimization; discrete-event simulation; systems; model

---

UT 314
AR Nazarian-Jashnabadi J, 2023, EXPERT SYST APPL, V234, DOI
   10.1016/j.eswa.2023.121010
TI A dynamic expert system to increase patient satisfaction with an integrated
   approach of system dynamics, ISM, and ANP methods
AU Nazarian-Jashnabadi J; Bonab SR; Haseli G; Tomaskova H; Hajiaghaei-Keshteli
   M
TC 18
SO EXPERT SYST APPL
PY 2023
AB it is unquestionable that health , both individually and collectively , is
   the most important issue in life , which is why human beings pay special
   attention to health maintenance and recovery . the correct performance of
   the services attracts the patient ' s satisfaction , which is not only
   influenced by the latest technology and is influenced by many variables .
   therefore , the present study provides a dynamic expert system of patient
   satisfaction with an integrated approach of system dynamics , interpretive
   structural modeling ( ism ) , and analytic network process ( anp ) . first ,
   the general structure of the problem was determined based on ism modeling ,
   and the formulation was done in vensim software . then , the validation
   tests , including the behavior reproduction test and the sensitivity
   analysis , were carried out , and the accuracy of the system was proved . in
   this regard , the ism method was used to identify the levels of causal
   relationships between the studied variables , and the most influential
   variables were identified . then , the most important criteria were
   identified with the anp method and used in identifying policies . finally ,
   the simulation was carried out , and different policies were reviewed . the
   results showed that the criteria were placed on three levels , and the type
   of connection and their importance were clearly defined . the ism and anp
   methods have an interesting synergy with the system dynamics approach and
   help identify leverage points . according to the results , managers can
   adopt strategies that affect patient satisfaction with the greatest impact
   and the least action and take corrective measures .
DE patient satisfaction; health system; dynamic expert system; ism; anp
ID health; care

---

UT 315
AR Maleki R, 2023, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V40, P573, DOI 10.1002/sres.2848
TI Application of community-based system dynamics for the management of rural
   households' vulnerability to the drying of Urmia Lake
AU Maleki R; Nooripoor M; Sharifi Z; Petrescu DC
TC 1
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2023
AB the drying of urmia lake , the largest inland lake in iran , is one of the
   greatest ecological disasters in iran , and it was repeatedly included on
   the agenda of national and international conventions . the aim of the
   current study was to apply the system dynamics methodology to analyze rural
   households ' vulnerability to the urmia lake drying . the result of the
   first phase ( strategy collection ) indicated that five strategies were
   proposed by stakeholders : ' to reduce the population of the region ' , ' to
   reduce the crop area and agricultural activities ' , ' to modify the
   cultivation pattern and growing crops with low water needs ' , ' to use new
   irrigation systems ' and ' to create alternative agricultural livelihoods
   with less dependence on damaged resources ' . the second phase used vensim
   software and indicated that the best strategy to reduce households '
   vulnerability to the drying of urmia lake was ' to create alternative
   agricultural livelihoods with less dependence on damaged resources ' .
DE alternative livelihoods; causal loop diagrams; cultivation pattern;
   modeling; vensim
ID impacts

---

UT 316
AR Teng JY, 2016, SUSTAIN CITIES SOC, V23, P50, DOI 10.1016/j.scs.2016.02.018
TI Decision-making tools for evaluation the impact on the eco-footprint and
   eco-environmental quality of green building development policy
AU Teng JY; Wang PY; Wu XG; Xu C
TC 23
SO SUST CITIES SOC
PY 2016
AB building projects consume large amount of energy and resources , and emit
   solid waste and co2 harmful to the eco_environment . in order to study the
   eco_environmental impact of green building development policies , a ' '
   green building eco_environment ( gbe ) ' ' model is constructed with the
   method of system dynamics and implemented using the vensim software . the
   model is used to simulate and evaluate the current state and future trend of
   variation of the eco_environmental impact of green building development in
   wuhan during the years 2008_2050 under current green building development
   policies . some policy factors are then adjusted in the simulation to
   determine the optimal green building development policies , under which the
   quality of the regional ecological environment in wuhan would be improved
   most economically . ( c ) 2016 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE ecological system; system simulation; strategy optimization
ID system dynamics model; ecological footprint; carrying-capacity; construction

---

UT 317
AR Jetha A, 2017, BMC HEAL SERV RES, V17, DOI 10.1186/s12913-016-1955-8
TI Conceptualizing the dynamics of workplace stress: a systems-based study of
   nursing aides
AU Jetha A; Kernan L; Kurowski A
TC 22
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2017
AB background : workplace stress is a complex phenomenon that may often be
   dynamic and evolving over time . traditional linear modeling does not allow
   representation of recursive feedback loops among the implicated factors .
   the objective of this study was to develop a multidimensional system
   dynamics model ( sdm ) of workplace stress among nursing aides and conduct
   simulations to illustrate how changes in psychosocial perceptions and
   workplace factors might influence workplace stress over time . methods :
   eight key informants with prior experience in a large study of us nursing
   home workers participated in model building . participants brainstormed the
   range of components related to workplace stress . components were grouped
   together based on common themes and translated into feedback loops . the sdm
   was parameterized through key informant insight on the shape and magnitude
   of the relationship between model components . model construction was also
   supported utilizing survey data collected as part of the larger study . all
   data was entered into the software program , vensim . simulations were
   conducted to examine how adaptations to model components would influence
   workplace stress . results : the sdm included perceptions of organizational
   conditions ( e . g . , job demands and job control ) , workplace social
   support ( i . e . , managerial and coworker social support ) , workplace
   safety , and demands outside of work ( i . e . work_family conflict ) . each
   component was part of a reinforcing feedback loop . simulations exhibited
   that scenarios with increasing job control and decreasing job demands led to
   a decline in workplace stress . within the context of the system , the
   effects of workplace social support , workplace safety , and work_family
   conflict were relatively minor . conclusion : sdm methodology offers a
   unique perspective for researchers and practitioners to view workplace
   stress as a dynamic process . the portrayal of multiple recursive feedback
   loops can guide the development of policies and programs within complex
   organizational contexts with attention both to interactions among causes and
   avoidance of adverse unintended consequences . while additional research is
   needed to further test the modeling approach , findings might underscore the
   need to direct workplace interventions toward changing organizational
   conditions for nursing aides .
DE workplace stress; system dynamics; nursing aides
ID randomized controlled-trial; control-support model; job strain; social
   support; hospital nurses; elderly care; health; demands; work; satisfaction

---

UT 318
AR Yuan HP, 2012, WASTE MANAGE, V32, P1218, DOI 10.1016/j.wasman.2012.01.028
TI A model for evaluating the social performance of construction waste
   management
AU Yuan HP/1
TC 109
SO WASTE MANAG
PY 2012
AB it has been determined by existing literature that a lot of research efforts
   have been made to the economic performance of construction waste management
   ( cwm ) , but less attention is paid to investigation of the social
   performance of cwm . this study therefore attempts to develop a model for
   quantitatively evaluating the social performance of cwm by using a system
   dynamics ( sd ) approach . firstly , major variables affecting the social
   performance of cwm are identified and a holistic system for assessing the
   social performance of cwm is formulated in line with feedback relationships
   underlying these variables . the developed system is then converted into a
   sd model through the software ithink . an empirical case study is finally
   conducted to demonstrate application of the model . results of model
   validation indicate that the model is robust and reasonable to reflect the
   situation of the real system under study . findings of the case study offer
   helpful insights into effectively promoting the social performance of cwm of
   the project investigated . furthermore , the model exhibits great potential
   to function as an experimental platform for dynamically evaluating effects
   of management measures on improving the social performance of cwm of
   construction projects . ( c ) 2012 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE construction waste management; system dynamics; social performance;
   management measure
ID demolition waste

---

UT 319
AR Dvornik J, 2007, INT J TURBO JET-ENGINES, V24, P119
TI A contribution to the analysis of the performance of the gas turbine using
   simulation
AU Dvornik J; Tireli E
TC 0
SO INT J TURBO JET-ENGINES
PY 2007
AB the aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamic simulation modeling for studying performance dynamics of the gas
   turbine in load conditions . this study is conducted using an example of
   load of synchronous generator . gas turbine at the load of synchronous
   generator is a complex non_linear system , which needs to be systematically
   investigated as a unit consisting of a number of subsystems and elements ,
   which are linked by because_effect ( upv ) feedback loops ( kpd ) , both
   within the propulsion system and with the relevant surrounding . in this
   paper the authors will present an efficient application of scientific
   methods for the study of complex dynamic systems called qualitative and
   quantitative simulation system dynamics methodology . this methodology will
   allow generation and application of higher number and types of simulation
   models of the observed elements . furthermore , this methodology will allow
   continuous computer simulation that will significantly contribute to the
   acquisition of new knowledge about the nonlinear characteristics of
   performance dynamics of turbine and generator system in the process of
   designing and learning . gas turbine will be presented by a set of
   non_linear differential equations , after which mental_verbal structural
   models and flowcharts in system dynamics symbols will be produced , and the
   performance dynamics in load condition will be simulated in powersim
   simulation language .
DE system dynamics; synchronous generator; twin shaft gas turbine; continuous
   and discrete simulation and heuristics optimization

---

UT 320
AR Song YG, 2015, J KOREAN ACAD NURS, V45, P280, DOI 10.4040/jkan.2015.45.2.280
TI Model for Unplanned Self Extubation of ICU Patients Using System Dynamics
   Approach
AU Song YG; Yun EK
TC 4
SO J KOREAN ACAD NURS
PY 2015
AB purpose : in this study a system dynamics methodology was used to identify
   correlation and nonlinear feedback structure among factors affecting
   unplanned extubation ( ue ) of icu patients and to construct and verify a
   simulation model . methods : factors affecting ue were identified through a
   theoretical background established by reviewing literature and preceding
   studies and referencing various statistical data . related variables were
   decided through verification of content validity by an expert group . a
   causal loop diagram ( cld ) was made based on the variables . stock and flow
   modeling using vensim ple plus version 6.0b was performed to establish a
   model for ue . results : based on the literature review and expert
   verification , 18 variables associated with ue were identified and old was
   prepared . from the prepared old , a model was developed by converting to
   the stock and flow diagram . results of the simulation showed that patient
   stress , patient in an agitated state , restraint application , patient
   movability , and individual intensive nursing were variables giving the
   greatest effect to ue probability . to verify agreement of the ue model with
   real situations , simulation with 5 cases was performed . equation check and
   sensitivity analysis on time step were executed to validate model integrity
   . conclusion : results show that identification of a proper model enables
   prediction of ue probability . this prediction allows for adjustment of
   related factors , and provides basic data do develop nursing interventions
   to decrease ue .
DE airway extubation; intensive care units; nonlinear dynamics
ID intensive care patients; risk-factors; reintubation; outcomes

---

UT 321
AR Wang YL, 2019, J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY, V11, DOI 10.1063/1.5085829
TI The effect of electric-power substitution policy on the energy
   transformation in China: A system-dynamics approach
AU Wang YL; Zhang YY; Yang JL; Zhang FL; Wang S; Ma YZ
TC 3
SO J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY
PY 2019
AB accurate forecasting of regional energy supply and demand is of great
   significance for exploring alternative energies and promoting a strategic
   energy transformation . to support this transformation in china , we predict
   the chinese energy demand and explore connections between energy
   substitution and energy structure transformation . to study how the
   electric_power substitution ( eps ) policy affects energy demand in china ,
   we construct a dynamic management model based on the approach of system
   dynamics and implement it by using vensim software . this model is used to
   simulate and assess how , under different scenarios , the eps policy affects
   energy demand and co2 emissions in china for the period 2015_2035. the
   simulation shows the indispensable role of the eps policy in promoting the
   transformation of china ' s energy structure .
ID demand; prediction; validation; models

---

UT 322
AR Musa MFC, 2024, J INT ORAL HEAL, V16, P403, DOI 10.4103/jioh.jioh_133_24
TI Scenario Modeling for Dentistry in Malaysia: Utilization, Privatization, and
   Specialization
AU Musa MFC; Morgan J; Harper P; Bernabe E; Gallagher JE
TC 0
SO J INT ORAL HEAL
PY 2024
AB aim : to study to model future clinical dental workforce scenarios in
   malaysia , in relation to population need_demand , to inform future change .
   materials and methods : a system dynamics ( sd ) model was developed in
   vensim_software to model the need/ demand and supply for dental care across
   public_private sectors over 3 decades ( 2010_2040 ) . this model included
   two sub_models relating to ' ' need / demand ' ' and ' ' supply , ' '
   drawing on national evidence from two previous studies ( student career
   surveys and interviews of key stakeholders nationally ) , together with
   relevant available data . this sd model provided the baseline model ( s1 )
   for malaysia and four_distinctive_scenarios ( s2_5 ) , involving enhancing
   generalists_specialists across public_private sectors . an additional
   scenario ( s6 ) was run to optimize workforce utilization , informed by
   career expectations of emerging graduates drawing on earlier scenarios (
   s2_5 ) . results : modeling future five_scenarios highlighted the gap in
   dental workforce nationally across both sectors could range from a surplus
   of a total of 3739 dentists and 817 therapists in the baseline scenario to a
   total shortfall of 1249 dentists and surplus of 817 therapists by the year
   2040 , influenced by dentist working patterns , specialization , and
   privatization . increasing the potential for specialist training and
   permitting emerging graduates ' to working part_time , while optimizing
   public sector primary care , and responding to the career expectations of
   emerging graduates , has the potential to absorb potential oversupply , and
   , thus , utilize the entire clinician dental workforce in malaysia in the
   medium term . conclusion : the findings of this model demonstrate the
   short_term requirement to expand the malaysian dental workforce to meet
   dental needs of the population , highlighting that continued production at
   the current rate will result in oversupply , unless action is taken to
   maximize primary care , enhance specialization , and embrace flexible
   working to meet career expectations of graduates .
DE malaysia; privatization; specialization; system dynamics; workforce modeling

---

UT 323
AR Eversole CB, 2018, HERPETOL MONOGR, V32, P22, DOI
   10.1655/HERPMONOGRAPHS-D-17-00005
TI A Theoretical Population and Harvest Model for American Alligators
   (Alligator mississippiensis)
AU Eversole CB; Henke SE; Turner BL; Glasscock SN; Powell RL; Wester DB;
   Ballard BM
TC 9
SO HERPETOL MONOGR
PY 2018
AB the american alligator ( alligator mississippiensis ) is a crocodilian
   species that was once listed as endangered in the united states but is now
   harvested both recreationally and commercially throughout its range in the
   southeastern united states . harvest of alligators typically includes egg
   collecting and hunting . however , review of scientific literature reveals
   that the effects of harvest on alligator populations have received little
   scientific scrutiny . we built a theoretical simulation model to evaluate
   the impact of several harvest strategies on long_term ( i . e . , 100 yr )
   alligator population trends . we used system dynamics software to develop
   the model and acquired data for the model from literature and field studies
   on alligator ecology . although widely applicable across the species range
   and for other crocodilians , we used the texas alligator management program
   as an example for model use . results of model simulations showed that
   current harvest ( 50 % egg harvest , 2 % subadult harvest , 2 % adult
   harvest ) is sustainable , but alligator populations will stabilize at
   levels below population potential . the best harvest scenario for a
   sustainable harvest that maintains alligator populations at a relatively
   unchanging level is a 38 % egg harvest , 2 % subadult harvest , and 2 %
   adult harvest . an elevated egg harvest ( 80 % ) can be sustained if no
   hunting harvest occurs . contrarily , an increased hunting harvest ( 4 %
   subadult , 4 % adult ) can be sustained with no egg harvest . this model
   identifies the function of current alligator harvest within populations and
   provides a tool for future use in determining the effect of changes in
   harvest or life_history characteristics on alligator population dynamics .
DE harvest management; population ecology; quantitative modeling; systems
   dynamics; vensim
ID growth; immigration; management; dynamics; size

---

UT 324
AR Chunga BA, 2023, PHYS CHEM EARTH, V129, DOI 10.1016/j.pce.2022.103355
TI Water allocation using system dynamic modelling in the aquaculture
   integrated with small-scale irrigation systems in Malawi
AU Chunga BA; Marx W; Cai XL; de Clercq W; Watson A; Malota M
TC 4
SO PHYS CHEM EARTH
PY 2023
AB the agricultural sector is faced with numerous challenges including climate
   change and water scarcity in many developing countries . in order to address
   scarcity and improve water use efficiency for rural farmers , fish farming
   is being integrated with small_scale irrigation . however , there are
   challenges in how to allocate water between the two farming enterprises .
   this study explored the capabilities of system dynamics to allocate water
   between a fish pond and a crop field in chingale , malawi using a system
   dynamic software , vensimtm ple . for soil water and pond water , a simple
   water balance structure was built and connected to the crop growth structure
   . simulations run for 125 days corresponding to the maize growth period .
   model results are similar to the actual yield ( about 3.5 ton / ha for
   hybrid ) and biomass production ( about 7 ton / ha ) in the area . results
   also show it was possible to maintain pond water depth at recommended depths
   for raising fish : fish stocking ( 1 m ) , operation of the pond ( 1.5_2.0 m
   ) and harvesting of the fish ( less than 1.2 m ) throughout the maize
   growing period . while the study did not comprehensively build and simulate
   fish growth , the use of such simple tools would benefit rural farmers with
   few resources . based on the promising capabilities and the results of the
   tool it is recommended that further comprehensive analysis to fully
   incorporate all key sub_components affecting crop and fish growth be carried
   out .
DE system dynamics; vensim model; decision support tool; chingale; small-scale
   irrigation
ID decision-support-systems; resources management; rainfall variability; basin

---

UT 325
AR Zhao H, 2022, ENVIRON SCI POLLUT R, V29, P53522, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-17570-8
TI Establishing a risk dynamic evolution model to predict and solve the problem
   of urban flood disaster
AU Zhao H; Li ZJ; Zhang JQ
TC 7
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB under the influence of global climate change and rapid urbanization , urban
   flood disaster becomes more and more serious . urban flood disaster risk
   assessment and risk response strategy have become a hot issue in sponge city
   research . this study introduce the basic concept of sponge urban
   construction risk and the basic theory , using the grounded theory to
   determine the sponge risk factors for urban construction , building based on
   system dynamics dynamic evolution model of the urban construction risk ,
   sponge city construction in jiangxi province as the research object , the
   application of vensim ple software carries on the simulation results . this
   paper analyzes the dynamic development situation and key risk factors of
   each sub_risk system in the whole life cycle , and discusses what
   countermeasures should be taken to reduce the risk of sponge city
   construction .
DE sponge city; system dynamics; grounded theory; full life-cycle; risk dynamic
   evolution
ID low impact development; stormwater management; green infrastructure; water
   management; climate-change; city; barriers; runoff

---

UT 326
AR Al-Kofahi ZG, 2022, INT J CONSTR MANAG, V22, P1355, DOI
   10.1080/15623599.2020.1711494
TI System dynamics modeling approach to quantify change orders impact on labor
   productivity 1: principles and model development comparative study
AU Al-Kofahi ZG; Mahdavian A; Oloufa A
TC 49
SO INT J CONSTR MANAG
PY 2022
AB in construction projects , change orders are commonly issued by the owner
   and may cause interruption to the contractor ' s work , resulting in loss of
   labor productivity , delay , and cost overruns , which may lead to claims .
   because of the complexity in linking the because of the productivity loss to
   the change order , the relationship is not well understood . the contractor
   must prove with a credible calculation that the productivity loss was a
   result of the change order issued by the owner to be able to receive
   compensation . compared to all available productivity loss quantification
   methods , the measured mile approach is considered the most acceptable and
   popular in litigation . this study is a discourse on the understanding , use
   , and potential application of system dynamics within quantifying change
   orders ' impact on labor productivity . the model boundary , including
   endogenous and exogenous variables , are identified . after determining the
   parameters used in modeling , the cld is constructed to understand the
   system structure better . a system dynamics model is developed using vensim
   software , verified , validated , and utilized to quantitatively measure the
   influence of the change in the project scope on labor productivity . to
   examine the applicability of the proposed model , it has been implemented to
   a real highway construction case study , and the impacts of various
   variables on labor productivity loss have been studied using the data for
   two completed highway construction projects from fdot . the study can be
   applied to construction projects that faced change orders , and as a result
   of these changes , the contractor ' s performance was affected . the
   proposed model can be used to determine the primary sources that result in
   labor productivity loss on a specific type of task .
DE system dynamic; change orders; labor productivity; model development;
   construction projects

---

UT 327
AR Wang YC, 2025, PLOS, V20, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0331703
TI A System dynamics analysis of the factors influencing the promotion of
   prefabricated decoration, based on a co-occurrence network
AU Wang YC; Liu JT; Zhang GW; Geng XX; Liu Y
TC 0
SO PLOS
PY 2025
AB prefabricated decoration effectively addresses resource waste ,
   environmental pollution , and quality issues associated with traditional
   decoration methods . it also enhances the functionality of prefabricated
   buildings and offers promising market potential . currently , insufficient
   attention from both the public and managers hinders prefabricated decoration
   development . to address this , this study analyzed 68 relevant documents
   from the china national knowledge infrastructure and web of science
   databases , identified 34 factors affecting the promotion of prefabricated
   decoration , and constructed a co_occurrence network model based on an
   adjacency matrix . the centrality index was used to identify four key
   factors related to the three core stakeholders : government support ,
   technical level , developers ' willingness to use , and consumers '
   willingness to use . subsequently , the four key factors were simulated
   using vensim software . the evolutionary trends of the system and the
   interactions between these factors were analyzed . the findings reveal that
   both developers and consumers show strong sensitivity to financial subsidies
   . as a result , the government can effectively increase subsidies to
   encourage adoption of prefabricated decoration . additionally , enhancing
   the use of bim technology throughout the project life cycle has been shown
   to promote synergy within the industrial chain , thereby improving promotion
   efficiency . consumer feedback is essential for ensuring policy accuracy and
   plays a crucial role in advancing the industry ' s development . the novel
   contributions of this paper include the integration of co_occurrence network
   analysis with a system dynamics model , identifying key factors through the
   co_occurrence network , and uncovering the complex interactions between
   these factors via the system dynamics model . based on the simulation
   results , this study predicts the development prospects of prefabricated
   decoration , offering both a theoretical foundation and practical guidance
   for policy formulation and promotion strategies .
ID hong-kong; construction; technology; performance; emissions; projects;
   impact; risks; level; china

---

UT 328
AR Kivuti-Bitok LW, 2014, COST EFF RESOUR ALLOC, V12, DOI
   10.1186/1478-7547-12-26
TI System dynamics model of cervical cancer vaccination and screening
   interventions in Kenya
AU Kivuti-Bitok LW; McDonnell G; Abdul R; Pokhariyal GP
TC 9
SO COST EFF RESOUR ALLOC
PY 2014
AB objectives : this paper presents a simulation model for evaluating the
   possible effects of a screening and vaccination campaign against human
   papillomavirus [ hpv ] in kenya . method : a system dynamics model was
   developed using the ithink ( tm ) computer simulation package . the model
   was based on data extracted from epidemiological , demographic and published
   research and where data was not available , expert opinion was sought . the
   deterministic model stratified the population by vaccination status ,
   screening status and hpv infection status . the model was simulated to
   estimate outputs for the next 50 years from 2011 . cost utility indicators
   of disability adjusted life years ( dalys ) and cost per averted daly were
   used for economic evaluation . results : the model predicted that catch up
   vaccination had the greatest impact in reducing the prevalence of cervical
   cancer . this was followed by primary vaccination , with early detection
   through screening having the lowest impact of the three choices of
   interventions in respect of averted cases of cervical cancer and daly
   estimates . conclusion : kenya as a country should consider adoption of
   secondary / catch up vaccination as an immediate measure to curb cervical
   cancer followed by primary vaccination of pre_adolescent girls . screening
   should be a complementary measure ( s ) . this model provides a policy
   decision support vehicle that can allow for choice between different
   interventions based on their expected outcomes . it also allows modification
   to accommodate new research results and information to assess the clinical
   impact of different policies and interventions in cervical cancer management
   in kenya .
DE dynamic; simulation; cervical; cancer; kenya

---

UT 329
AR Dou SH, 2014, J IND ENG MANAG, V7, P573, DOI 10.3926/jiem.1036
TI Study on Logistics Industry Development Policy of Beijing Based on System
   Dynamic
AU Dou SH; Li XM; Li XW; Gou JQ
TC 2
SO J IND ENG MANAG
PY 2014
AB purpose : this paper is committed to design a logistics industry development
   policy model based on system dynamic to simulate the policy measures which
   promote region economic and logistics efficiency . the interaction between
   logistic industry development policy and economy needs to be investigated
   and the influence degree of logistic efficiency affected by industry policy
   needs to be identified too . design / methodology / approach : in order to
   achieve the objective , it makes a system analysis from industry perspective
   to divide system into economic growth subsystem , logistics demand subsystem
   and logistics supply subsystem . then the hypothesis and the boundaries are
   defined , and the causal diagram and system flow diagrams are drawn . the
   paper designs parameters and structural equation by the sample of beijing
   using the econometrics model and takes model validation . taking beijing as
   an example , logistics industry development policy is simulated from the
   aspect of technological progress , increasing fixed assets investment ,
   adjusting the industrial structure proportion and comprehensive policy by
   changing the parameters using vensim_ple . findings : after logistics
   development policy is highly simulated by system dynamic model of logistics
   industry development policy , it is found that the policies of technological
   progress , fixed assets investment increasing , the industrial structure
   proportion adjustment and the comprehensive policy have different function
   to affect gdp , logistics demand , supply capacity and actual logistics
   costs . originality / value : compared with the previous research , this
   paper analyzes the interactive mechanism between logistics industry policy
   and region economy from a system perspective and establishes system dynamics
   model of logistics industry development policy to make up for the limitation
   of previous research .
DE logistics industry; system dynamics; regional economy; policy proposal

---

UT 330
AR Woo TH/2, 2013, ATW-INT J NUCL POWER, V58, P236
TI Safety Assessment for Electricity Generation Failure Accident of Gas Cooled
   Nuclear Power Plant using System Dynamics (SD) Method
AU Woo TH/2
TC 0
SO ATW-INT J NUCL POWER
PY 2013
AB the power production failure happens in the loss of coolant of the nuclear
   power plants ( npps ) . the air ingress is a serious accident in gas cooled
   npps . the quantification of the study performed by the system dynamics ( sd
   ) method which is processed by the feedback algorithms . the vensim software
   package is used for the simulation , which is performed by the monte_carlo
   method . two kinds of considerations as the economic and safety properties
   are important in npps . the result shows the stability of the operation when
   the power can be decided . the maximum value of risk is the 11.77 in 43rd
   and the minimum value is 0.0 in several years . so , the success of the
   circulation of coolant is simulated by the dynamical values .
ID pipe rupture accident; air ingress

---

UT 331
AR Chen WK, 2021, SUSTAIN, V13, DOI 10.3390/su13158546
TI What Causes Waterlogging?-Explore the Urban Waterlogging Control Scheme
   through System Dynamics Simulation
AU Chen WK; Dong J; Yan CH; Dong H; Liu P
TC 15
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2021
AB it is a common phenomenon in cities that waterlogging affects people ' s
   normal life . it is of great significance for targeted transformation and
   upgrading to identify the risk factors of urban waterlogging . this paper
   collected the waterlogging data of tianjin in china , analyzed the coupling
   mechanism among waterlogging risk factors of urban drainage systems , and
   then selected the system dynamics theory and the vensim software as the
   analysis tools due to the mixing characteristic and the limited availability
   of data . after that , the sensitive factors were identified by model
   simulation and sensitivity analysis , and the prominent impact of urban
   expansion on waterlogging risk was discussed . then , through the comparison
   of the three simulation scenarios , it was found that , compared with the
   urban development focus shifting strategy , the strategies of sponge city
   reconstruction and management optimization could achieve the risk control
   goal within a shorter time . on this basis , two kinds of governance schemes
   with strong operability were put forward , which were the data governance
   strategy and the sponge city reconstruction strategy of giving priority to
   old urban areas . according to the simulation results , a city can reverse
   the increasing trend of waterlogging risk within ten years under the
   appropriate scheme . furthermore , the paper puts forward the strategic
   reimagining of the rural revitalization strategy and the ecological
   restoration strategy for the long_term sustainable development
   transformation of tianjin .
DE waterlogging control; risk-factors coupling; urban expansion; sponge city;
   sustainable development
ID sponge city; risk; strategies; framework; impact

---

UT 332
AR Woo TH/2, 2012, ATW-INT J NUCL POWER, V57, P482
TI Complex risk analysis for loss of electric power in liquid metal nuclear
   reactor by system dynamics (SD) method
AU Woo TH/2
TC 1
SO ATW-INT J NUCL POWER
PY 2012
AB the power stabilization of the nuclear power plants ( npps ) is investigated
   in the aspect of the liquid metal coolant . the quantification of the risk
   analysis is performed by the system dynamics ( sd ) method which is
   processed by the feedback and accumulation complex algorithms . the vensim
   software package is used for the simulations , which is supported by the
   monte_carlo method . there are 2 kinds of considerations as the economic and
   safety properties . the result shows the stability of the operations when
   the power can be decided . this shows the higher efficiency of the reactor .
   the failure frequency is 16/60 = 27 % . in the event of power stabilized ,
   the failure event is in the quite lower frequency rate . the commercial use
   of the reactor is important in the operations .

---

UT 333
AR Vargas DS, 2024, J ENG, V2024, DOI 10.1155/2024/6641542
TI Dynamic Evaluation of the Effect of Soil Analysis on Monocultures
AU Vargas DS; Torres LK; Osorio JC
TC 0
SO J ENG
PY 2024
AB soil stands as one of the principal resources for agricultural development ,
   with this activity encompassing approximately 38 % of the earth ' s surface
   . the resulting product is directed toward human consumption and animal feed
   , as well as energy crops , among other purposes . given the pivotal role of
   this activity and the escalating demand for its products within the economic
   sphere , coupled with population growth , the need arises not only for
   increased crop yield but also for addressing the per capita reduction in
   available land . consequently , an imperative arises to explore emerging
   alternatives for soil conservation and restoration in pursuit of this goal .
   thus , a dynamic system model is introduced to assess the patterns of land
   use for agricultural cultivation in colombia . modeling is a useful tool for
   system conceptualisation , understanding , projection of future scenarios
   and hypothesis testing about the impact of disruptions in a system ' s
   overall behavior about changes in its components . the main purpose of this
   article is to evaluate , through simulation with system dynamics , soil
   recovery scenarios from the use of residues from the same crops ,
   specifically in the case of monocultures , such as sugarcane . similar
   studies have not been found in the literature review and , therefore , this
   work is novel and establishes a starting point to continue exploring these
   soil recovery alternatives . the formulation of this model was accomplished
   through the utilization of the vensim dss software ( version 5.10a ) ,
   followed by simulations of various land use scenarios across two distinct
   types of crops . the outcomes of these simulations unveiled a gradual
   degradation of the soil . to counter this trend , scenarios were evaluated ,
   with composting emerging as a viable and significant alternative . there are
   some scenarios in which land degradation is lower by more than 50 % compared
   with those in which the alternative is not considered . the composting
   process reduces costs in terms of fertilization , labor and support for
   environmental enhancement by restoring physical , chemical and biological
   soil properties . this study proposes for this model to be extended to other
   agricultural chains , thereby demonstrating its potential for guiding
   decisions regarding land use and crop activity scheduling that share
   similarities with the system under investigation .
DE agricultural sustainability; crops; environment; land-use; systems dynamics
ID river-basin; system; model

---

UT 334
AR Arshad Q, 2023, ENV ENG MANAG J, V22, P639, DOI 10.30638/eemj.2023.050
TI CONSERVING WATER: COST AND PRODUCTIVITY ANALYSIS OF RESPONSIVE DRIP AND
   CONVENTIONAL IRRIGATION
AU Arshad Q; Gabrie HF; Ahmad S; Dahri ZH; Shahid M; Ullah U; Ullah A
TC 4
SO ENV ENG MANAG J
PY 2023
AB in this study , the aim is to examine the united nations_sustainable
   development goals ( un_sdgs ) and the impending climate change challenges in
   pakistan . the focus is on comparing different irrigation techniques in
   terms of their water savings , cost efficiency , and crop yields , in
   relation to the conventional flooding method ( cfm ) . specifically , the
   research considers the responsive drip irrigation system ( rdi ) ,
   subsurface drip irrigation ( sdi ) , and raised_bed irrigation method ( rsb
   ) . the data for this study relates to a 1_hectare tomato farm located in
   the potohar plateau of pakistan . joint interview sessions were conducted to
   gather integrated data , along with information from previous studies . to
   analyze the cost_effectiveness of the irrigation techniques , the study
   utilizes system dynamics ( sd ) and employs ' ' vensim ple ' ' software . a
   single sd model was created to meet the requirements for cost_effectiveness
   analysis ( cea ) , simulating the implicated techniques over a period of 25
   years . additionally , an optimization scenario was developed using
   geometric mean maximization , aiming to maximize monetary benefits while
   maintaining environmental benefits in equilibrium . the findings of this
   study indicate that the cost_effectiveness ratio ( cer ) for water_saving
   capacity is highest for rdi , which can save 0.135 million m3 of water over
   25 years . furthermore , rdi achieves a 78 % higher crop yield compared to
   the cfm . on the other hand , sdi demonstrates the highest cer for crop
   yield , offering 41.5 % more benefits to farmers when compared to the cfm .
DE cost analysis; drip; irrigation; productivity; system dynamics; water
   conservation
ID waste reduction management; performance simulation; dynamics

---

UT 335
AR Raczynski S, 2019, METHODSX, V6, P615, DOI 10.1016/j.mex.2019.02.029
TI Dynamics of economic growth: Uncertainty treatment using differential
   inclusions
AU Raczynski S
TC 6
SO METHODSX
PY 2019
AB the article is focused on applications of the differential inclusions to the
   models of economic growth , rather than the model building . the models are
   taken from the known literature , and some modifications are introduced to
   reflect an additional inertia . the aim is to treat the uncertainty in the
   model parameters by using differential inclusions instead of the stochastic
   approach . the reachable sets for the models are shown , to assess the
   possible ranges of the outcome with given parameters uncertainty . the
   approach may be interpreted as a generalization to the system dynamics
   methodology , providing attainable sets instead of single model trajectory
   and simple sensitivity analysis . a comparison with powersim risk analysis
   is provided . the models of solow and swan , mankiw , bhattacharya , romer
   and weil are used . a brief review of the models is given , and several
   examples of simple simulations , differential inclusion applications and
   optimization are presented . ( c ) 2019 the author . published by elsevier b
   . v .
DE economic model; system dynamics; risk analysis; economic-growth; simulation;
   differential inclusions; uncertainty
ID model

---

UT 336
AR Wu ZH, 2022, IEEE ACCESS, V10, P86470, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3198938
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Simulation of Human Capital Fractal Dimension
   of the R&D Team
AU Wu ZH; Wang J/1; Feng XW; Pang WH; Hou JR
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2022
AB in the era of the knowledge economy , innovation and r and d has been paid
   more and more attention by people . the importance of the r and d team in
   improving the innovation performance of an enterprise is self_evident .
   furthermore , due to the unique human capital characteristics of the r and d
   team members , fractal research on the human capital of the r and d team is
   very necessary . on this basis , this paper builds the human capital fractal
   model of the r and d team , uses the vensim ple simulation analysis
   environment for simulation analysis , and draws the research conclusions :
   the r and d team ' s desire to improve human capital , the r and d team ' s
   desire to integrate knowledge , and the r and d team ' s human capital
   increase . the increase in the amount of r and d team will positively affect
   the human capital of the r and d team , however , the change of the decrease
   in the amount of the human capital of the r and d team will negatively
   affect the human capital of the r and d team .
DE research and development; analytical models; investment; simulation;
   personnel; fractals; qualifications; human factors; knowledge engineering; r
   and d team; human capital; system dynamics; simulation modeling

---

UT 337
AR Zheng Y, 2018, MATH PROBL ENG, V2018, DOI 10.1155/2018/2796146
TI The Formation Mechanism and Precision Control of Corruption in Poverty
   Alleviation from the Perspective of System Dynamics
AU Zheng Y; Liao XM
TC 2
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2018
AB the corruption in the field of poverty alleviation not only hinders the
   performance of the government but also damages the vital interests of the
   poor , harms the image of the party and the country , and makes the poor
   people further impoverished . based on the method of system dynamics , this
   paper analyzes the interaction of elements which influence village officials
   ' corruption , studies the formation mechanism of the corruption in poverty
   alleviation , and constructs an effective model to prevent the corruption .
   based on the survey data of typical cases , the model was simulated and
   validated by the software of vensim ple . the study found that compared with
   other variables , the willingness of village officials to corrupt has the
   greatest impact on the amount of their corruption . furthermore , it is
   found that the important factors that affect village officials ' corruption
   willingness are as in the following order : official culture , village
   officials ' thought , and prevention system .
ID impact; press

---

UT 338
AR Mahdavi T, 2019, GROUNDW SUSTAIN DEV, V9, DOI 10.1016/j.gsd.2019.100261
TI Applying the System of Environmental and Economic Accounts for Water (SEEA-
   Water) for integrated assessment of water security in an aquifer scale -
   Case study: Azarshahr aquifer, Iran
AU Mahdavi T; Bagheri A; Hosseini SA
TC 18
SO GROUNDW SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2019
AB as an important stage in integrated water resources management , integrated
   assessment adopts a set of indicators to address not only the physical water
   balance , but also the role of water in social welfare , economic production
   , and employment . the indicators should be located in an analytical
   framework capable of figuring out the inter_relationships among different
   environmental , social , and economic disciplines . adopting the system of
   environmental and economic accounts for water ( developed by the united
   nations ) , this paper aims to provide an integrated assessment in the
   groundwater resource in the azarshahr aquifer area in the northwestern iran
   , comparing local water security indicators in 2006 and 2016 . the results
   show that the local water resource in the study area is highly stressed in
   terms of quantity and quality . in addition , the area suffers severely from
   unsustainability and dis_equilibrium between water resource and consumption
   . using a system dynamics model developed in vensim ple , the paper analyzed
   five different policy options , which could have been devised to improve the
   water security in the area . the policy option 1 ( stepwise reduction in the
   irrigated agricultural area from 2006 to 2010 followed by a constant 2 %
   decline from 2010 to 2016 ) was found more effective in controlling the
   water salinity . since it is highly inelastic in terms of regional economic
   revenue , it could be a cost_effective policy to prevent salinization of
   water with low impacts on the regional revenue . the methodology can be
   applied for building water accounting systems in similar areas for the
   purpose of integrated water resources assessment and planning .
DE water accounting; system dynamics modeling; policy analysis; lake urmia
ID framework; resources

---

UT 339
AR Guizzi G, 2019, COMPUT IND ENG, V137, DOI 10.1016/j.cie.2019.106052
TI An integrated and parametric simulation model to improve production and
   maintenance processes: Towards a digital factory performance
AU Guizzi G; Falcone D; De Felice F
TC 21
SO COMPUT IND ENG
PY 2019
AB in recent years with the emergence of the concept of industry 4.0
   digitalization is transforming the industrial scenario . a great attention
   is focused on integrated simulation system , an emerging enabling technology
   , as a particular decision support tool , to represent the increasingly
   complex modern production systems . the advantage is that it is possible to
   perform simulations and reconfigure models to evaluate modified or
   alternative scenarios to achieve current demands of increasingly competitive
   markets . the aim of the present research is the definition of an integrated
   parametric simulation model for integration management enhancing the
   production and maintenance process . thus , a framework for implementing
   simulation models that help production and maintenance managers to make
   cost_effective decisions as well as optimize the use of resources is
   developed . system dynamics approach is used to simulate , through powersim
   software ( r ) , the nonlinear behavior of the analyzed complex systems over
   time . the results revealed that the proposed simulation optimization
   procedure can be used to solve and to manage complexity in a ' ' real_time '
   ' . furthermore , the output of this simulation optimization procedure gives
   the decision maker the most probable scenario .
DE data-driven approach; simulation model; system dynamics; complex systems;
   digital factory
ID driven; generation; management; systems; complex

---

UT 340
AR Zhao XG, 2019, J CLEAN PROD, V230, P241, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2019.04.408
TI Research on optimal benchmark price of tradable green certificate based on
   system dynamics: A China perspective
AU Zhao XG; Zhou Y; Zuo Y; Meng J; Zhang YZ
TC 66
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2019
AB renewable portfolio standard ( rps ) is a compulsory institutional change to
   achieve low_carbon energy transformation in china . its success depends on
   the scientific system quasi_parameter design , the most important system
   quasi_parameter is the benchmark price of the tradable green certificate (
   tgc ) . setting the benchmark price of tgc scientifically and reasonably in
   line with china ' s national conditions is conducive to the effective
   implementation of rps in china . based on the system dynamics ( sd ) to
   construct china ' s green certificate trading market model , this paper
   analyzes the interaction between the tgc market and the electricity market
   under the rps , and uses vensim simulation to simulate the optimal tgc
   benchmark price based on the maximization of social welfare . the results
   show that the tgc market and the electricity market are mutually influential
   . as the benchmark price of tgc increases , the total power generation
   increases and the on_grid price decreases . consumer surplus , producer
   surplus and social welfare all reach the maximum when the tgc benchmark
   price is 0.4yuan / kwh , so determines 0.4yuan / kwh as the optimal
   benchmark price of tgc . ( c ) 2019 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE renewable portfolio standard; tradable green certificate; benchmark price;
   social welfare; china
ID feed-in tariff; residential electricity consumption; renewable portfolio
   standard; energy efficiency; power-generation; market; industry

---

UT 341
AR Jamal FN, 2021, J ASIAN FINANC ECON BUS, V8, P427, DOI
   10.13106/jafeb.2021.vol8.no2.0427
TI Evaluating Information Credibility Toward Green Marketing in Indonesia
AU Jamal FN; Othman NA; Saleh RC; Nurhana YAH; Rohmah W
TC 5
SO J ASIAN FINANC ECON BUS
PY 2021
AB this study aims to identify variables , which have relationship to the
   information credibility toward brand trust . other than that , this study
   also proposes a system dynamics approach method , where the time to achieve
   different credible information can be modeled efficiently and by using
   variable_oriented simulation methods . data , which are used for testing ,
   are derived from 400 questionnaires . data for sem are collected by using
   questionnaire and are processed using amos software to identify the result
   whether it is proper to determine the proper variables and the indicators ,
   which will be processed in the simulation using powersim . the result shows
   that , from six variables proposed , five are significant variables that
   support the information credibility . the value of information credibility
   has fluctuated in 10 years . the important aspect in business activity is a
   business strategy that incorporates marketing activities . many companies
   are adopting green marketing practice to achieve a better business
   performance , so that information credibility factor is needed . over the
   past few years , numerous industries in indonesia have increased awareness
   toward green movement . some companies apply the whole process of creating
   green products , while others only do so partially , but this is a good
   approach to green business development in indonesia nonetheless .
DE green marketing; property industry; information credibility; structural
   equation modeling; system dynamics
ID purchase; trust; image

---

UT 342
AR Zhou SX, 2021, SUSTAIN, V13, DOI 10.3390/su13020642
TI Effect of Green Construction on a Building's Carbon Emission and Its Price
   at Materialization
AU Zhou SX; Guo ZZ; Ding Y; Dong JL; Le JM; Fu J
TC 12
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2021
AB buildings consume many resources and generate greenhouse gasses during
   construction . one of the main sources of greenhouse gasses is carbon
   emission associated with buildings . this research is based on the computing
   rule of carbon emission at the materialization stage . by taking the
   features of green construction into consideration , quantitative analysis on
   construction carbon emission was undertaken via life cycle assessment ( lca
   ) . making use of vensim ( a system dynamics software package ) , we
   analyzed the amount of carbon emission at the materialization stage and
   determined the major subsystems affecting the carbon emission , then took
   into comprehensive consideration the differences of each subsystem ' s
   carbon emission under different construction technologies . under the
   mechanism of carbon trade at the materialization stage , the total price of
   carbon trades remains unchanged , while the trading price of each subsystem
   is adjusted . under these conditions , a coefficient for step_wise increases
   in carbon price was proposed . by establishing such a system of gradient
   prices , construction companies are encouraged to adopt high_efficiency
   emission reduction technologies . meanwhile , the system also provides a
   reference for the formulation of price_based policies about buildings '
   carbon trading , and accelerates the process of energy conservation and
   emission reduction in china and the world at large .
DE green construction; life-cycle assessment ( lca ); system dynamics; carbon
   trading prices

---

UT 343
AR Guo Q, 2024, J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY, V16, DOI 10.1063/5.0202427
TI Influence of the development of solar photovoltaic industry on the
   relationship between supply and demand of key minerals in China
AU Guo Q; Wu KY
TC 5
SO J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY
PY 2024
AB the importance of mineral resources can not be ignored in the country ' s
   economic and social development and is of vital significance in securing
   china ' s continued economic and social prosperity . against the backdrop of
   the country ' s active promotion of the clean energy industry , the booming
   development of the photovoltaic industry has triggered a growing demand for
   its key raw materials , especially important metallic minerals . based on
   the system dynamics theory , the article uses vensim to construct a
   photovoltaic cell_key metal mineral simulation model to analyze the
   development of china ' s photovoltaic industry in depth and focuses on its
   far_reaching impact on the supply and demand relationship of key minerals .
   the results of the study show that ( 1 ) china ' s photovoltaic cells show
   strong growth . ( 2 ) recycling and technology substitution can
   significantly reduce the risk of copper and aluminum supply and demand
   imbalance . and ( 3 ) technology substitution is more effective than
   recycling in reducing the supply and demand imbalance of copper and aluminum
   . based on the above_mentioned findings , the article puts forward
   corresponding policy recommendations .
ID system dynamics; power development; cells; sustainability; recovery;
   modules; energy

---

UT 344
AR Chan SL, 2010, EXPERT SYST APPL, V37, P1207, DOI 10.1016/j.eswa.2009.06.030
TI A model for predicting customer value from perspectives of product
   attractiveness and marketing strategy
AU Chan SL; Ip WH; Cho V
TC 30
SO EXPERT SYST APPL
PY 2010
AB this paper proposes a model for customer relationship management ( crm )
   using ithink ( r ) , which incorporates the concept of system dynamics . the
   proposed crm model consists of module 1 : a customer purchasing behavior
   model . module 2 a markov chain model , and module 3. a financial returns
   model . by considering the marketing activities and product attractiveness
   to the customer , the probability that a customer will ( re ) purchase can
   be modeled in module 1. the probabilities are then fitted into module 2 for
   the calculation of customer lifetime value ( clv ) the estimated clv for
   each customer is inputted into module 3 to predict the firm ' s return oil
   investment in the long term . by defining the parameters oil the
   attractiveness of a product and oil user responses from historical marketing
   campaigns , a firm call easily evaluate its business strategy from both
   marketing and product development perspectives , thereby refining those
   parameters and adopting the best strategy for creating customer value and
   yielding the maximum profit a case study of a listed firm in hong kong is
   employed to illustrate our model , which not only gives insights into the
   product development , but can also support the decisions related to
   marketing activities . ( c ) 2009 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved
DE system dynamics; markov chain model; customer lifetime value; customer
   relationship management
ID lifetime value; satisfaction; retention; framework; programs; dynamics;
   loyalty; time

---

UT 345
AR Azadi S, 2022, ENVIRON SCI POLLUT R, V29, P64547, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-022-20335-6
TI Optimizing cropping pattern to improve the performance of irrigation network
   using system dynamics-Powell algorithm
AU Azadi S; Nozari H; Ghanbarian B; Marofi S
TC 8
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB one of the strategies for agricultural development is the optimal use of
   irrigation and drainage networks , which leads to higher productivity and
   economic benefits . in this regard , quantitative and qualitative studies of
   drainage water from networks are essential for efficient water management .
   in the present study , we develop a model using a system dynamics approach
   to simulate the cropping pattern of an irrigation and drainage network as
   well as the discharge and salinity of drainage water from network farms . we
   apply the powell algorithm to optimize the economic profitability of
   cultivated crops by considering the salinity and discharge of drainage water
   from the fields . with three aims , i . e . , ( 1 ) maximizing benefit_cost
   ratio , ( 2 ) minimizing drainage water salinity and discharge of network ,
   and ( 3 ) economic and environmental considerations simultaneously , the
   optimization of cropping pattern within the kosar irrigation and drainage
   network is performed . results based on five consecutive years under
   different scenarios showed that some crops , such as watermelon , are not
   economically recommened for production due to high costs , water consumption
   , and low selling price causes environmental pollution . on the other hand ,
   wheat , grain maize , silage maize , sorghum , and alfalfa have different
   conditions , and their production is suitable by considering all scenarios .
   by comparing with experimental data , we find that the proposed model is
   accurate to simulate and optimize the irrigation network and to detect its
   cropping pattern .
DE crop yield; cropping pattern; economic profitability; irrigation network;
   modeling; vensim software
ID optimization

---

UT 346
AR Zhang MW, 2024, J CLEAN PROD, V449, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.141717
TI A mechanism for upgrading the global value chain of China's wood industries
   based on sustainable green growth
AU Zhang MW; Song GJ; Ma N
TC 16
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2024
AB with climate change and increasingly fierce international trade competition
   , upgrading the global value chains ( gvcs ) under the sustainable
   development mode is becoming a key transformation for china ' s wood
   industry . this study applies system dynamics theory to build a model of
   upgrading and evolution of the gvc of the wood industry based on sustainable
   green growth and uses vensim ple software for system simulation . the
   results demonstrate that ( 1 ) under the framework of sustainable green
   growth , the optimization of industry structure and security of resource
   supply play an important role in promoting the position of the gvc . ( 2 )
   improving technological innovation capacity , plantation forest stock ,
   carbon emission reduction intensity , and wage growth is essential to
   upgrade the wood industry ' s position in the gvc . ( 3 ) different policy
   implementations have different impacts on the coupled and coordinated
   development of the system , and implementing innovationdriven policies is
   the optimal realization path to promote the synergistic upgrading of the gvc
   . the findings enrich the holistic and systematic study of the evolution of
   gvc upgrading in traditional manufacturing industries and provide a fresh
   perspective for assisting the wood industry in realizing gvc upgrading under
   a sustainable green growth model .
DE green growth; sustainability; global value chains; system dynamics; wood
   industry; mechanism construction
ID technology

---

UT 347
AR Tobias MI, 2010, J PUBLIC HEAL, V100, P1274, DOI 10.2105/AJPH.2009.171165
TI Application of a System Dynamics Model to Inform Investment in Smoking
   Cessation Services in New Zealand
AU Tobias MI; Cavana RY; Bloomfield A
TC 51
SO J PUBLIC HEAL
PY 2010
AB objectives . we estimated the long_term effects of smoking cessation
   interventions to inform government decision_making regarding investment in
   tobacco control . methods . we extracted data from the 2006 new zealand
   tobacco use survey and other sources and developed a system dynamics model
   with the ithink computer simulation package . the model derived estimates of
   population cessation rates from smoking behaviors and applied these over a
   50_year period , from 2001 to 2051 , under business_as_usual and enhanced
   cessation intervention scenarios . results . the model predicted larger
   effects by 2051 with the enhanced cessation than with the business_as_usual
   scenario , including : an 11 % greater decline in adult current smoking
   prevalence ( 9 versus 10 per 100 people ) , 16 % greater decline in per
   capita tobacco consumption ( 370 versus 440 cigarette equivalents per year )
   , and 11 % greater reduction in tobacco_attributable mortality ( 3000 versus
   3300 deaths per year ) . conclusions . the model generated reliable
   estimates of the effects on health and on tobacco use of interventions
   designed to enhance smoking cessation . these results informed a decision
   announced in may 2007 to increase funding for smoking cessation by nz $ 42
   million over 4 years . ( am j public health . 2010 . 100:1274_1281. doi
   :10.2105/ajph.2009.171165 )
ID tobacco control; public-health; simulation; policy; prevalence; cigarettes;
   california; reduction

---

UT 348
AR Marznaki YS, 2024, TECHNOL ANAL STRATEG MANAG, V36, P501, DOI
   10.1080/09537325.2022.2037544
TI A system dynamics approach for investigating technology transfer capacities
   in Iranian polymer pipe and fittings industry
AU Marznaki YS; Khamseh A; Shakib MH
TC 1
SO TECHNOL ANAL STRATEG MANAG
PY 2024
AB the prosperity of the technology transfer process in downstream
   petrochemical industries is one of the objectives pursued by the
   policy_makers and planners of these industries . the present study delved
   into the dynamism of the variables impacting technology transfer capacities
   by following a system dynamics approach , examining similar studies , and
   interviewing experts in the downstream petrochemical industries in the
   polymer pipe and fittings domain . then , causal loop diagrams were
   delineated and the causal relationships among variables were examined , and
   the vensim software were used for analyzing the causal loops . loop analysis
   implies that the experiences rooted in the recurrence of the technology
   transfer process under the auspices of international relationships are the
   main schema of technology transfer and highly influences the principal
   systems of the technology transfer process . these systems include : ( 1 )
   abilities to observe , identify , and prioritize technologies , ( 2 )
   abilities to select , negotiate , conclude contracts , and acquire
   technologies , ( 3 ) abilities to adapt , attract , analyze , and exploit
   technologies , ( 4 ) abilities to develop , innovate , and promote
   technologies , and ( 5 ) abilities to diffuse , preserve , and commercialize
   technologies . likewise , the sanctions have severely limited international
   relationships , declined foreign associate firms ' monitoring and
   identification rate , and hampered access to the free stream of technology .
DE technology; polymer pipe and fittings industry; dynamisms of technology
   transfer capacities; causal loops
ID foreign

---

UT 349
AR Wang XB, 2017, SUSTAIN, V9, DOI 10.3390/su9061003
TI China's Rare Earths Production Forecasting and Sustainable Development
   Policy Implications
AU Wang XB; Yao MT; Li JS; Zhang KX; Zhu H; Zheng MS
TC 39
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2017
AB because of their unique physical and chemical properties , rare earth
   elements ( rees ) perform important functions in our everyday lives , with
   use in a range of products . recently , the study of china ' s rare earth
   elements production has become a hot topic of worldwide interest , because
   of its dominant position in global rare earth elements supply , and an
   increasing demand for rare earth elements due to the constant use of rare
   earth elements in high_tech manufacturing industries . at the same time , as
   an exhaustible resource , the sustainable development of rare earth elements
   has received extensive attention . however , most of the study results are
   based on a qualitative analysis of rare earth elements distribution and
   production capacity , with few studies using quantitative modeling . to
   achieve reliable results with more factors being taken into consideration ,
   this paper applies the generic multivariant system dynamics model to
   forecast china ' s rare earth elements production trend and hubbert peak ,
   using vensim software based on the hubbert model . the results show that the
   peak of china ' s rare earth elements production will appear by 2040 , and
   that production will slowly decline afterwards . based on the results , the
   paper proposes some policy recommendations for the sustainable development
   of china's_and the world's_rare earth elements market and rare earth_related
   industries .
DE rare earths; sustainable development; production forecast; system dynamics
   model; policy recommendations
ID coal production; model; elements; trends; us

---

UT 350
AR Wang HG, 2023, SUSTAIN, V15, DOI 10.3390/su151914190
TI The Mechanism and Countermeasures of the Impact of State Subsidy Backslide
   on the Efficiency of Waste-to-Energy Enterprises-A Case Study in China
AU Wang HG; Rao H
TC 0
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB the scientific investment decision model of waste incineration power
   generation is helpful in providing a scientific basis for the government and
   environmental protection enterprises to formulate reasonable waste prices .
   the waste incineration power generation project revenue and cost composition
   framework , based on the project net present value of factors affecting
   causality analysis , the construction of a waste incineration power
   generation ppp project net present value system dynamics model , and the use
   of vensim ple software , version 7.3.5 , combined with the garbage power
   generation of listed companies , was built , and we put into use the
   enterprise ' s financial data and the author ' s research of the case of the
   bot ( build_operate_transfer ) project data to examine the validity of the
   model test , simulation , and sensitivity analysis . the results show that
   the regression of a national subsidy does not necessarily lead to a price
   adjustment of the waste disposal fee , and when a change in tariff subsidy
   occurs , the loss brought by the reduction in a feed_in tariff can be
   compensated by increasing the income from carbon sinks , decreasing the
   intensity of investment through technological advancement , improving the
   coefficient of waste power generation through garbage classification , and
   increasing the utilization of production capacity through the treatment of
   multiple wastes in a single or a combination of ways .
DE electricity tariff rebate; waste disposal fees; carbon emission reduction;
   system dynamics

---

UT 351
AR Shahbahrami E, 2024, BMC HEAL SERV RES, V24, DOI 10.1186/s12913-024-11692-8
TI A dynamic management model for sustainable drug supply chain in hospital
   pharmacies in Iran
AU Shahbahrami E; Kalhor R; Amerzadeh M; Hasani M; Kiani M
TC 1
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2024
AB backgroundsustainable supply chain management encompasses the strategic
   coordination and control of material , information , and financial flows ,
   as well as the collaborative efforts among the entities engaged in the
   medicinal supply chain . this research proposes a dynamic and sustainable
   supply chain management model tailored explicitly for the inpatient
   pharmacies of medical centers and hospitals affiliated with iran university
   of medical sciences . methodsthis is a quantitative study in terms of
   research objective and a qualitative study based on the stages in the
   conceptual development of the model . therefore , the current study can be
   considered a mixed_methods approach . after identifying the key factors
   influencing the sustainability of the medicine supply chain , we conducted a
   dynamic analysis of the problem using system dynamics methodology . in order
   to simulate the system ' s behavior over 24 months , we utilized a
   combination of existing documentary information and expert opinions . the
   developed model was implemented using vensim ple software , allowing us to
   simulate and analyze the impact of various policies on the system .
   resultsmedicine disposal exhibited an upward trend , particularly during the
   second 12_month period . conversely , the trend of medicine expirations
   remained relatively stable in the initial months but showed an upward
   trajectory after that . the cost associated with disposed medicine
   experienced a consistent increase , with a higher rate observed during the
   second 12_month period . in contrast , sales of low_consumable medicine
   experienced a significant initial surge followed by a slower growth rate .
   finally , the pharmacy ' s profit demonstrated an overall increasing trend ,
   although the rate of increase was higher during the first 12 months .
   conclusionamong the various scenarios considered , namely ' ' increasing the
   adequacy of human resources , ' ' ' ' increasing the speed of response , ' '
   and ' ' utilizing pharmacists in the drug prescribing team , ' ' it was
   found that these interventions had a substantial effect on both enhancing
   the pharmacy ' s profit and reducing medication waste . therefore , these
   scenarios were identified as having the most significant impact . the
   proposed model can serve as a valuable tool for forecasting and informing
   policy_making , providing insights into addressing the challenges associated
   with the sustainable drug supply chain in hospital pharmacies .
DE medicine; pharmacy; system dynamics; sustainability; supply chain management

---

UT 352
AR Zhang WN, 2021, IND MANAGE DATA SYST, V121, P2738, DOI
   10.1108/IMDS-12-2020-0735
TI A cost evaluation model for IoT-enabled prefabricated construction supply
   chain management
AU Zhang WN; Kang K; Zhong RA
TC 33
SO IND MANAG DATA SYST
PY 2021
AB purpose this paper proposes an evaluation model for prefabricated
   construction to guide a supply chain with controllable costs . prefabricated
   construction is prevalent due to area limitations . nevertheless , the
   development is limited by budget control and identifying the factors
   affecting cost . the degree of close collaboration in the supply chain is
   closely interconnected with cost performance that includes direct and
   indirect factors . this paper not only quantizes these factors but also
   distinguishes the degree of influence of various factors . design /
   methodology / approach system dynamics is applied to simulate and analyze
   the construction cost factors through vensim software . it can also clarify
   the relationship between cost and other influencing factors . the input data
   are collected from an internet of things ( iot ) _enabled system under a
   building information modeling ( bim ) system and hong kong government
   reports . findings simulation results indicate that prefabricated
   construction cost is mainly influenced by government promotion degree ( gpd
   ) , working pressure from on_site construction ( wposc ) , prefab quality (
   pq ) , load_bearing capacity per vehicle ( lbpv ) and mold quality ( mq ) .
   however , it is more sensitive toward gpd , which indicates that the
   government should take measures to promote this construction technology .
   on_site worker management is also essential for the assembly process and
   indirectly influences the construction cost . research limitations /
   implications this paper quantifies indirect influential factors to clarify
   the specific features for prefabricated construction . the investigated
   factors are limited . practical implications the contractor can identify all
   factors and classify the levels of influence to make decisions under the
   supply chain system boundary . social implications the input data are
   collected from an iot_enabled system under a bim system and hong kong
   government reports . thus , the relationship between construction cost
   influential factors can be investigated . originality / value this paper
   quantifies indirect influencing factors and clarifies the specific features
   in prefabricated construction . the contractor could identify these factors
   to make decisions and classify the levels of influence under the supply
   chain system boundary .
DE cost evaluation; prefabricated construction; supply chain management
ID system dynamics model; internet; platform; bim

---

UT 353
AR Ning JJ, 2024, ENERGY, V288, DOI 10.1016/j.energy.2023.129758
TI Analysis of the dynamic evolution process of the digital transformation of
   renewable energy enterprises based on the cooperative and evolutionary game
   model
AU Ning JJ; Xiong LX
TC 65
SO ENERGY
PY 2024
AB based on the cooperative_evolutionary game model , this paper studies the
   dynamic evolution process of the digital transformation strategy selection
   of renewable energy power plants and renewable energy selling enterprises
   under government supervision . renewable energy power plants , renewable
   energy selling enterprises , and the government are taken as the game
   players . the shapley value based on the cooperation game distributes the
   cooperation benefits brought about by the digital transformation of
   enterprises and analyzes the dynamic evolution process of the strategy of
   the three_party game players based on evolutionary game theory . then ,
   based on the system dynamics model , anylogic and vensim software are used
   to simulate the cooperative evolutionary game model , and a sensitivity
   analysis of the key factors affecting the system stability is carried out .
   the results show that the ' ' digital transformation ' ' of renewable_energy
   power plants and renewable_energy selling enterprises will bring about
   cooperation benefits and promote their joint promotion of digital
   transformation . government incentives can accelerate the digital
   transformation of renewable energy companies . the increase in economic ,
   environmental , and social benefits brought about by the digital
   transformation of renewable energy enterprises promotes the speed of the
   digital transformation of renewable energy power plants and renewable energy
   selling enterprises .
DE renewable energy enterprises; digital transformation; cooperative game;
   evolutionary game; system dynamics model

---

UT 354
AR Zhang YX, 2026, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V33, P98, DOI
   10.1108/ECAM-10-2023-1073
TI Formation and dynamics of prefabricated building innovation network
AU Zhang YX; Xu LJ; Xue XL; Wang ZY; Skibniewski M
TC 2
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2026
AB purpose_with the uptake of prefabricated construction ( pc ) facing serious
   obstacles in china , networked innovation can break the technical
   constraints while also containing the risks in individual innovation .
   however , the construction community has paid little attention to pc
   innovation , especially networked innovation . this study aims to gain deep
   insights into what impacts the formation and dynamics of a prefabricated
   construction innovation network ( pcin ) . with the uptake of pc facing
   serious obstacles in china , networked innovation can break the technical
   constraints while also containing the risks in individual innovation .
   design / methodology / approach_the research design follows a sequential
   mixed methodology of qualitative and quantitative data collection and
   analysis . it first conceptualizes the pcin based on the quadruple helix
   model and formulates a corresponding system dynamics model based on
   causality analysis . after validating the pcin model using empirical data ,
   simulations are carried out using vensim ple software . finally , this study
   identifies key factors that promote the formation of pcin in china through
   sensitivity analysis . findings_the results show that pc predicts a
   continuous increase in practice as of 2030 . the tested drivers all
   positively influence the formation of the pcin , with market demand and risk
   sharing having the greatest influence , followed by competitive pressure ,
   profit government support , scientific and technological advancement and
   collaborative innovation strategy . originality / value_the study makes
   three major contributions . first , it provides a novel angle for a deeper
   understanding of the pc innovation . second , it proposes a new approach for
   probing the formation and dynamics of the pcin . finally , it offers a
   theoretical reference for promoting the formation of innovation networks and
   the development of pc .
DE prefabricated building; innovation network; network formation; network
   dynamics; system dynamics
ID construction; cost; performance; industry; knowledge; criteria; support;
   systems; china; helix

---

UT 355
AR Zhang H, 2022, SUSTAIN, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14127107
TI Dynamic Simulation Research on the Effect of Governance Mechanism on Value
   Co-Creation of Blockchain Industry Ecosystem
AU Zhang H; Xiong HH; Xu JX
TC 1
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB the development of blockchain technology promotes the evolution of the
   industrial ecosystem , and the value co_creation in the ecosystem has become
   an important factor for the sustainable and coordinated development of the
   blockchain industry ecosystem . by answering the question of how governance
   mechanisms affect the value co_creation of the blockchain industry ecosystem
   , this paper aims to clarify the realization mechanism of value co_creation
   of the blockchain industry ecosystem . based on the transaction cost theory
   and social exchange theory , the governance mechanisms of the blockchain
   industry ecosystem are divided into contract governance and trust governance
   . the system dynamics method is used to analyze the causality of the effect
   of governance mechanisms on value co_creation of the blockchain industry
   ecosystem , the model of system flow chart is established , and vensim ple
   software is used to perform simulation and sensitivity analyzes of the model
   . the results show that : both contract governance and trust governance can
   positively affect the value co_creation of the blockchain industry ecosystem
   . due to the existence of bounded rationality , compared with contract
   governance , trust governance has a more significant impact on system
   resource innovation and value co_creation . there is a co_existence effect
   among contract governance and trust governance , and compared with the
   single effect , the co_existence effect of two can promote the value
   co_creation process of the blockchain industry ecosystem more actively . the
   research results reveal the internal laws of the value co_creation and
   provide valuable insights into the exploitation of governance mechanisms to
   facilitate effectively the value creation of the blockchain industry
   ecosystem .
DE blockchain; industry ecosystem; governance mechanism; value co-creation;
   system dynamics
ID performance; innovation; contracts; conflict; network

---

UT 356
AR Gao J, 2023, J INNOV KNOWL, V8, DOI 10.1016/j.jik.2023.100394
TI Unlocking paths for transforming green technological innovation in
   manufacturing industries
AU Gao J; Feng QH; Guan T; Zhang WF
TC 38
SO J INNOV KNOWL
PY 2023
AB the double externalities of green technological innovation and disadvantages
   of the traditional extensive development of manufacturing industries hinder
   the transformation of green technological innovation in manufacturing
   industries . traditional research based on behavioral logic rarely focused
   on the subjective will of innovation subjects or the impact of environmental
   regulation . to unlock the development dilemma of manufacturing industries
   from the coupling perspective of dual logic of behavior and concept , the
   concept of function is introduced into this analysis along with the
   influence of behavioral logic . this helped to construct the model of system
   dynamics wherein green technology innovation in manufacturing is analyzed
   under the influence of environmental regulation . the subsystems of
   willingness , behavior , and benefits of green technological innovation were
   divided by a systematic analysis of the double impact factors inside and
   outside manufacturing . based on the index data from 2011 to 2019 , vensim
   software was used for simulation . unlocking paths for transforming green
   technological innovation in the manufacturing industry were designed . the
   conclusions show that environmental regulation positively improves the
   economic , social , and environmental performance of manufacturing
   industries . additionally , manufacturing can unlock the dilemma by reducing
   the intensity of command_and_control , improving the intensity of
   market_based incentives , and actively stimulating public participation in
   environmental regulation . and copy . 2023 the authors . published by
   elsevier espana , s.l.you . on behalf of journal of innovation and knowledge
   . this is an open access article under the cc by_nc_nd license (
   http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by_nc_nd/4.0/ )
DE green technological innovation; environmental regulation; manufacturing
   industries; simulation of system dynamics
ID environmental regulation; product innovation; financial performance; porter
   hypothesis; eco-innovation; impact; regulations; behavior; drivers; energy

---

UT 357
AR Yu SK, 2021, WATER ENV J, V35, P322, DOI 10.1111/wej.12629
TI Investment decision model of wastewater treatment public-private partnership
   projects based on value for money
AU Yu SK; Dai T; Yu Y; Zhang JY
TC 7
SO WATER ENV J
PY 2021
AB most existing studies analyze the early decision_making processes of
   public_private partnership ( ppp ) projects from the perspective of the
   government or investors , as such decisions involve lengthy negotiations and
   are likely to lead to unfair results . hence , there is a need for fair and
   reasonable investment decision_making methods . this study investigates the
   investment return system of ppp wastewater treatment projects . the net
   present value of investment income is considered the investment decision
   indicator of social capital , while value for money ( vfm ) is the indicator
   of government decision_making . considering both yield and vfm , the system
   dynamics method and vensim software are used to establish the investment
   decision model . a case study validates the proposed model and predicts a
   reasonable range of unit prices and concession periods for wastewater
   treatment through government_enterprise cooperation , to improve the
   transparency and initial decision fairness of ppp sewage treatment projects
   .
DE investment decision; public-private partnership ( ppp ); system dynamics (
   sd ); value for money ( vfm ); wastewater treatment

---

UT 358
AR Lee H, 2015, J KOREAN ACAD NURS, V45, P723, DOI 10.4040/jkan.2015.45.5.723
TI Non-linear System Dynamics Simulation Modeling of Adolescent Obesity: Using
   Korea Youth Risk Behavior Web-based Survey
AU Lee H; Park ES; Yu JK; Yun EK
TC 3
SO J KOREAN ACAD NURS
PY 2015
AB purpose : the purpose of this study was to develop a system dynamics model
   for adolescent obesity in korea that could be used for obesity policy
   analysis . methods : on the basis of the casual loop diagram , a model was
   developed by converting to stock and flow diagram . the vensim dss 5.0
   program was used in the model development . we simulated method of moments
   to the calibration of this model with data from the korea youth risk
   behavior web_based survey 2005 to 2013 . we ran the scenario simulation .
   results : this model can be used to understand the current adolescent
   obesity rate , predict the future obesity rate , and be utilized as a tool
   for controlling the risk factors . the results of the model simulation match
   well with the data . it was identified that a proper model , able to predict
   obesity probability , was established . conclusion : these results of stock
   and flow diagram modeling in adolescent obesity can be helpful in
   development of obesity by policy planners and other stakeholders to better
   anticipate the multiple effects of interventions in both the short and the
   long term . in the future we suggest the development of an expanded model
   based on this adolescent obesity model .
DE adolescent; obesity; nonlinear dynamics
ID health

---

UT 359
AR Gastélum JR, 2009, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V23, P1519, DOI
   10.1007/s11269-008-9339-4
TI A Decision Support System to Improve Water Resources Management in the
   Conchos Basin
AU Gastélum JR; Valdés JB; Stewart S
TC 44
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2009
AB the conchos basin is the largest tributary to the lower part of the rio
   grande / rio bravo basin . during recent years a severe drought has affected
   m , xico ' s ability to deliver water from the conchos basin as required by
   the 1944 treaty . in addition , it has generated not only economic problems
   in the usa and m , xico but also political frictions between these two
   countries . the mexican conchos river has historically contributed with the
   highest amount of water to usa as established on the water treaty . a
   decision support system ( dss ) was developed for the conchos basin in order
   to gain a better understanding of the water resources management process in
   the basin , and to identify the alternatives to improve the cited process .
   the dss is a semi_distributed model , based on system dynamics , and
   developed using powersim software . the dss has been used to evaluate 25
   long and short tem water resources allocation alternatives for the two main
   basin ' s users : irrigation districts and water treaty . some of the most
   important factors being tested on the 25 water management alternatives
   include national commission of water ' s yearly water allocation policy ,
   reservoir operation rules , improvement on water distribution efficiencies ,
   etc . the dss model shows that the historic water resources allocation
   implemented by the federal government produces adequate results as compared
   with the other tested water management alternatives . however , for short
   term drought scenarios , it is showed that there could be other management
   alternatives that could perform better than the current water management
   allocation . in general , the dss shows what we already expect of dynamic
   models of systems to provide that understanding the effects of multiple
   interacting variables in necessary to develop good natural resource
   management policies .
DE system dynamics; water resources management; simulation; water treaty;
   irrigation districts
ID dynamics

---

UT 360
AR Gao J, 2026, CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC, V28, DOI 10.1007/s10098-026-03478-9
TI Paths for low-carbon transformation in heavily polluting manufacturing
   industries under heterogeneous environmental regulations
AU Gao J; Feng QH; Gao Y; Guan T
TC 0
SO CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC
PY 2026
AB under the constraints of the ' ' dual_carbon ' ' goals , the low_carbon
   transition of heavy_polluting manufacturing industries suffers from a lack
   of endogenous drive and path dependency , largely attributed to the ' '
   double externality ' ' problem . departing from the conventional research
   paradigm that narrowly focuses on either environmental regulations or
   technological innovation , this paper develops an integrated analytical
   framework characterized by ' ' external regulation_driven , internal
   willingness_led , innovative behavior implementation , and comprehensive
   benefit feedback . ' ' by coupling four core subsystems , we construct a
   system dynamics ( sd ) model to examine the low_carbon transition .
   utilizing panel data from nine major heavy_polluting industries ( 2011_2019
   ) and vensim_based simulations , we identify three distinct transition
   pathways : policy_oriented , willingness_oriented , and behavior_oriented .
   furthermore , cluster analysis is employed to propose a ' ' categorized
   governance ' ' scheme that accommodates the heterogeneous features of these
   industries .
DE heavily polluting manufacturing industries; low-carbon transformation;
   heterogeneous environmental regulation; system dynamics ( sd ) model;
   cluster analysis

---

UT 361
AR Bross L, 2021, SYST, V9, DOI 10.3390/systems9010002
TI Will There Be Enough Water?  A System Dynamics Model to Investigate the
   Effective Use of Limited Resources for Emergency Water Supply
AU Bross L; Krause S
TC 3
SO SYST
PY 2021
AB the increased probability of occurrence of various hazards to water supply
   systems due to climate change requires the strengthening of their resilience
   through effective emergency preparedness planning . this paper introduces a
   method for the assessment of the resilience of water supply systems ,
   including emergency supply measures . with 20 uniquely defined emergency
   situations , the technical constellations for possible impairments of the
   water supply are documented . the system analysis developed for each
   emergency situation is then used to determine and prioritize all suitable
   supply measures to reduce the supply deficit . based on the data of a water
   utility close to frankfurt , germany , the developed system dynamics model
   was used to examine the resource utilization for the respective emergency
   situations and to estimate the amount of water provided . the model allows
   us to scrutinize and compare emergency water supply measures as well as to
   identify required resources . furthermore , the method helps us to
   prioritize measures as well as to make decisions when planning and providing
   emergency water supply ( ews ) .
DE crisis; critical infrastructure; disaster; drinking water; sd; resilience;
   risk management; risk reduction; vensim
ID resilience

---

UT 362
AR Yuan XG/1, 2015, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2015, DOI 10.1155/2015/206149
TI Recycler Reaction for the Government Behavior in Closed-Loop Supply Chain
   Distribution Network: Based on the System Dynamics
AU Yuan XG/1; Zhang XQ
TC 5
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2015
AB with system dynamics , we establish three_closed_loop supply chain
   distribution network system model which consists of supplier , manufacturer
   , two retailers , and products ( parts ) recycler . we proposed that
   recycler make reflect for the government policy by adjusting the recycling
   ratio and recycling delay . we use vensim software to simulate this model
   and investigate how the products ( parts ) recyclers behavior influences the
   loop supply chain distribution system . the result shows that ( 1 ) when
   recyclers respond positively to government policies , recycling will
   increase the proportion of recyclers . when recyclers respond negatively to
   government policy making , recycling will reduce the proportion of recyclers
   . ( 2 ) when the recovery percentage of recyclers improves , manufacturers ,
   retailer 1 , and retailer 2 quantity fluctuations will reduce and the
   bullwhip effect will diminish . ( 3 ) when the proportion of recycled parts
   recyclers is lowered , manufacturers , retailer 1 , and retailer 2 inventory
   fluctuation will increase and the bullwhip effect will be enhanced . ( 4 )
   when recyclers recycling product delays increased , volatility manufacturers
   order quantity will rise , but there is little change in the amount of
   fluctuation of orders of the two retailers . ( 5 ) when recycling parts
   recyclers delay increases , fluctuations in the supplier order quantity will
   rise , but there is little change in the amount of fluctuation of orders of
   the two retailers .

---

UT 363
AR Li XX, 2025, PLOS, V20, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0330100
TI Modeling and simulation of railway safety management with public supervision
   and dynamic incentives: A four-party evolutionary game and system dynamics
   approach
AU Li XX; Cao XR; Deng JY; Li XY
TC 1
SO PLOS
PY 2025
AB railway accidents pose a significant threat to the industry , necessitating
   enhanced research into railway transportation safety . this study integrated
   a public oversight framework into the existing safety governance structure
   of railway transport operators , utilizing a four_party evolutionary game
   model and system dynamics for enhancement . simulations conducted with
   vensim software demonstrate that increased public supervision increases
   safety operation rates and improves the safety_related productivity of
   auxiliary enterprises . however , uncertainties in the evolutionary strategy
   process were identified . to address equilibrium fluctuations , a dynamic
   reward_punishment mechanism was developed . the optimized system achieved a
   safety operation rate of 99.7 % , enhanced the safety_related productivity
   of the auxiliary enterprises to 93.2 % , and increased the public
   supervision rate to 87.2 % . these findings indicate that effective public
   participation and dynamic incentives can significantly improve safety
   management and prevent losses in railway sectors , offering valuable
   theoretical and practical insights for global railway enterprises .
ID rent-seeking; performance; trade; hfacs

---

UT 364
AR Makarov VL, 2019, BIZN INF, V13, P7, DOI 10.17323/1998-0663.2019.4.7.16
TI Developing digital twins for production enterprises
AU Makarov VL; Bakhtizin AR; Beklaryan GL
TC 15
SO BIZN INF
PY 2019
AB this article presents a new approach to developing digital twins of
   production companies with the use of simulation methods . it describes the
   concept of digital twins as an integrated system that aggregates simulation
   models , databases and intelligent software modules of the class of genetic
   optimization algorithms , subsystems of data mining , etc . the article
   presents examples of simulation models of different production companies ,
   in particular , a typical assembly plant and a typical oil production
   enterprise . the first company carries out activities to assembly products
   from individual components with its own individual characteristics . to
   describe the behavior of such an enterprise , methods of agent and
   discrete_event modeling are used . the second enterprise produces raw
   carbohydrate materials at existing fields with individual characteristics .
   the integrated simulation models thus developed are integrated with a
   subject_oriented database and optimization modules that facilitate providing
   a control of the technological and resource characteristics of the
   respective production enterprises . the development of these models was
   performed using anylogic and powersim simulation systems that support
   agent_based modeling and system dynamics methods . we demonstrate here the
   possibility of creating ' digital twins ' for production companies using
   modern simulation tools .
DE digital twins; agent-based modeling; system dynamics; discrete-event
   simulation; digital economy; production companies
ID agent; dynamics; models

---

UT 365
AR Law A, 2012, J SUSTAIN TOUR, V20, P823, DOI 10.1080/09669582.2012.687740
TI Towards a green economy decision support system for tourism destinations
AU Law A; De Lacy T; McGrath GM; Whitelaw PA; Lipman G; Buckley G
TC 27
SO J SUSTAIN TOUR
PY 2012
AB this paper discusses green economy planning in tourism . a process
   characterized by complexity and high levels of uncertainty , where limited
   data availability and the absence of existing frameworks hinder the
   development of targeted and effective strategies . it presents an approach
   for a decision support system ( dss ) to assist destinations address
   challenges and to seize opportunities in this new situation of change . a
   multidisciplinary approach drawing on the fields of sustainable tourism ,
   destination management and system dynamics was applied to identify the
   requirements of such a dss and to present examples of how it may be
   implemented . a consultancy study in the destination of sharm el sheik (
   egypt ) was used to develop a holistic model for the requirements of the
   proposed dss . based on this model , examples were developed in the software
   program powersim , to provide an insight into how such a dss could assist
   destination policymakers , planners and managers with dynamic scenario
   modeling and planning to help understand and manage the drivers of
   change_particularly those drivers that are complex and difficult to quantify
   such as the opportunities presented by green demand . the proposed dss is
   intended to be further developed by applying it to new destination case
   studies .
DE green economy; tourism destinations; decision support system; greenhouse gas
   mitigation; destination management; system dynamics
ID climate-change; sustainable tourism; evolution; impact; policy

---

UT 366
AR Azad SM, 2020, KYBERNETES, V49, P332, DOI 10.1108/K-09-2018-0480
TI Modelling techno-sectoral innovation system A new hybrid approach for
   innovation motors policymaking
AU Azad SM; Khodabakhsh P; Roshannafas F; Ghodsypour SH
TC 3
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2020
AB purpose this study aims to scrutiny the performance of the petrochemical
   sector and the technological innovation life cycle . also , the stage of the
   innovation life cycle for the sector is specified . then , scenarios are
   designed to improve the speed of the sector development . for this reason ,
   for synchronizing the petrochemical sector , this study tries to combine two
   innovation systems ( technological and sectoral systems ) called ' '
   techno_sectoral innovation system ' ' under an integrated model .
   furthermore , the ' ' functions and driving motors ' ' are expanded in the
   proposed model . design / methodology / approach by combining two concepts
   of the innovation systems , the complexity of the system rises to some
   extent . also , to model causal relationships in the sector and non_linear
   connections between variables , system dynamics approach is applied . during
   this phase , the flow diagram of the model is translated to a simulation
   program using vensim software . model validation is investigated using a
   comparison of the actual with simulated values . findings the results
   predict the functions state of the innovation system and detect activation
   of innovation motors in each stage of the innovation life cycle . validation
   shows the acceptable error of the indices . it can be concluded that the
   sector is relatively in the development state . four scenarios have been
   proposed for representing policies that sector uses to motivate its
   companies . the best scenario is the fourth one that divides resources with
   different weightings among companies to accelerate switching time between
   sector ' s motors . finally , the fourth scenario can improve the
   performance of the petrochemical . originality / value the hybrid approach
   shows researchers that performance of an industry can be improved based on
   sectoral and technological at the same time . thus , this case_based model
   can contribute to other researchers , as a base model . also , it could be
   customized with parameters and the relationship between players and
   functions . furthermore , a dynamic switch among the motors has been
   presented in the model .
DE policymaking; tsis; system dynamics; policymaking; innovation functions;
   innovation motors; petrochemical sector
ID offshore wind; dynamics; diffusion; management; digestion; framework;
   failure

---

UT 367
AR Qian LH, 2025, ATMOSPHERE, V16, DOI 10.3390/atmos16080978
TI Dynamic Risk Assessment of Collapse Geological Hazards on Highway Slopes in
   Basalt Regions During Rainy Seasons
AU Qian LH; Zhao P; Li ZS
TC 0
SO ATMOSPHERE
PY 2025
AB anchored in the four_factor theory of natural hazard risk , this study
   presents a dynamic risk assessment of collapse geological hazards ( cghs )
   using the s3k highway slope in changbai korean autonomous county , china ,
   as a case study . building on previous research , the methodological
   framework consists of three sequential stages : ( 1 ) critical indicators
   for cghs in basalt regions are identified , with iron_staining anomalies_a
   hallmark of such terrains_innovatively integrated as a slope stability
   metric . ( 2 ) a system dynamics ( sd ) model is developed in vensim to
   quantify dynamic feedback mechanisms , focusing on the ' ' rock
   weathering_rainfall triggering_slope instability ' ' nexus , and
   time_varying parameters are introduced to enable monthly_scale risk
   prediction . and ( 3 ) a 500 m x 500 m grid system is established using
   arcgis 10.4 , and a computer program is developed to achieve sd_gis coupling
   and calculate grid parameters . the information value method is then
   employed to determine risk thresholds , thereby completing cgh risk
   assessment and prediction . the results indicate that over the next five
   years , high_risk areas will exhibit spatial agglomeration when monthly
   rainfall exceeds approximately 130 mm ( july and august ) . conversely ,
   when monthly rainfall is below around 60 mm , the entire region will display
   low or no risk . model simulations reveal that risks during the rainy season
   over the next five years will exhibit insignificant variability , prompting
   simplification of the resultant cartography . field validation corroborates
   the robustness of the model . this research overcomes the primary
   limitations of conventional static assessment models by improving the
   dynamic predictability and the applicability to basalt terrains . the
   integrated sd_gis framework presents a novel methodological paradigm for
   dynamic cgh risk analysis and offers support for the formulation of targeted
   disaster mitigation strategies .
DE collapse geological hazards; system dynamics; geographic information-system;
   dynamic risk assessment
ID evolution

---

UT 368
AR He L, 2022, WASTE MANAGE, V140, P204, DOI 10.1016/j.wasman.2021.11.026
TI Exploring the EPR system for power battery recycling from a supply-side
   perspective: An evolutionary game analysis
AU He L; Sun BZ
TC 91
SO WASTE MANAG
PY 2022
AB as a core component of new energy vehicle development , power battery will
   bring serious environmental pollution if it is not disposed of in a
   standardized way after retirement , so a scientific recycling mechanism is
   the key to achieve sustainable development . this paper explores the epr
   mechanism of power battery recycling from a supply_side perspective based on
   a game theory approach . the system dynamics evolution model was constructed
   using vensim software . model testing , reward and punishment mechanism
   design and analysis of key parameters changes were carried out . the results
   show that the initial state of tripartite strategy choice is not conducive
   to the positive operation of reverse supply chain . the curve gradually
   fluctuates toward positive strategy side after the introduction of static
   reward and punishment mechanism , at which time the three parties show a
   cyclical behavior pattern . the dynamic reward and punishment mechanism can
   make consumers and almost 97 % of the new energy vehicle manufacturers (
   nevms ) participate in the environmental protection of power battery
   recycling , which has a better effect . in addition , the high cost of
   recycling will prevent a higher percentage of nevms from participating in
   supply chain construction . at the same time , the recycling price raised by
   private enterprises and small workshops is also one of the key factors that
   interfere with the participation of supply_side groups in formal recycling .
DE power battery recycling; three-party evolutionary game; system dynamics ( sd
   ); epr mechanism optimization
ID management; simulation; model

---

UT 369
AR Liu W, 2023, RESOUR POLIC, V80, DOI 10.1016/j.resourpol.2022.103183
TI Resilience assessment of the cobalt supply chain in China under the impact
   of electric vehicles and geopolitical supply risks
AU Liu W; Li X/1; Liu CY/1; Wang MX; Liu LT
TC 77
SO RESOUR POLIC
PY 2023
AB cobalt , one of the essential new energy materials , is widely applied in
   many crucial industries . in recent years , the rapid development of
   electric vehicles ( evs ) has led to increased cobalt demand , and
   geopolitical changes have increased the risk of cobalt supply disruption .
   to investigate the impact of geopolitical risks and demand shocks of evs on
   the cobalt supply chain system , we applied the system dynamics model to
   assess the cobalt supply chain resilience and construct four subsystems of
   price , production capacity , supply , and demand to explore the resilience
   mechanism of the cobalt supply chain . through vensim simulation experiments
   , three resilience enhancement measures from recycling technology ,
   inventory , and material substitution under the impact of the evs demand and
   geopolitical supply risks are used as model scenarios . the research results
   revealed that the cobalt supply chain is less resilient under the impact of
   evs and geopolitical risks . the reduction of cobalt imports under
   geopolitical risks has a direct impact on cobalt prices and produces a
   superimposed effect . when a 20 % , 50 % , and 100 % reduction in china ' s
   cobalt imports due to geopolitical events , the cobalt price rises from 2026
   by 8.24 % , 10.67 % , and 15.01 % in 2027 , respectively , compared to the
   baseline scenario , to reach the maximum cobalt price in 2028 . the
   improvement in recycling technology makes the chinese cobalt supply chain
   more resilient , as evidenced by capacity growth . a 33 % improvement in
   recovery technology , increasing cobalt supply capacity by 12.57 % and
   relieving supply pressure by 16.47 % under cobalt supply disruptions .
   inventory is one of the apparent improvements in the cobalt supply chain to
   respond to shocks in ev demand . material substitution improves resilience
   in both scenarios , but is less effective in supply disruptions under
   geopolitical risk shocks .
DE electric vehicles; geopolitical risk; supply disruption; supply chain
   resilience; system dynamics
ID lithium; batteries; metals; model; sustainability; performance; trade; flows

---

UT 370
AR Jetha A, 2016, J OCCUP REHABIL, V26, P276, DOI 10.1007/s10926-015-9613-2
TI Return-to-Work Within a Complex and Dynamic Organizational Work Disability
   System
AU Jetha A; Pransky G; Fish J; Hettinger LJ
TC 18
SO J OCCUP REHABIL
PY 2016
AB background return_to_work ( rtw ) within a complex organizational system can
   be associated with suboptimal outcomes . purpose to apply a sociotechnical
   systems perspective to investigate complexity in rtw . to utilize system
   dynamics modeling ( sdm ) to examine how feedback relationships between
   individual , psychosocial , and organizational factors make up the work
   disability system and influence rtw . methods sdms were developed within two
   companies . thirty stakeholders including senior managers , and frontline
   supervisors and workers participated in model building sessions .
   participants were asked questions that elicited information about the
   structure of the work disability system and were translated into feedback
   loops . to parameterize the model , participants were asked to estimate the
   shape and magnitude of the relationship between key model components . data
   from published literature were also accessed to supplement participant
   estimates . data were entered into a model created in the software program
   vensim . simulations were conducted to examine how financial incentives and
   light duty work disability_related policies , utilized by the participating
   companies , influenced rtw likelihood and preparedness . results the sdms
   were multidimensional , including individual attitudinal characteristics ,
   health factors , and organizational components . among the causal pathways
   uncovered , psychosocial components including workplace social support ,
   supervisor and co_worker pressure , and supervisor_frontline worker
   communication impacted rtw likelihood and preparedness . interestingly , sdm
   simulations showed that work disability_related policies in both companies
   resulted in a diminishing or opposing impact on rtw preparedness and
   likelihood . conclusion sdm provides a novel systems view of rtw . policy
   and psychosocial component relationships within the system have important
   implications for rtw , and may contribute to unanticipated outcomes .
DE return-to-work; sociotechnical systems; system dynamics modeling;
   complexity; work disability management
ID health-care; back-pain; management; interventions; prevention; workplace;
   behaviors; coworkers; paradigm; injury

---

UT 371
AR Zhang GS, 2021, J ADV TRANSP, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/2474784
TI System Dynamics Modelling for Dynamic Emergency Response to Accidents
   Involving Transport of Dangerous Goods by Road
AU Zhang GS; Shen XY; Hua J; Zhao JW; Liu HX
TC 6
SO J ADV TRANSP
PY 2021
AB for improving the emergency capacities during road transportation accidents
   of dangerous goods , this paper divides the accident emergency procedure
   into four subsystems : accident information processing , personnel rescue
   and evacuation , vehicle evacuation , and rescue materials delivery . on
   this basis , the causal mechanism and the loop diagrams of the emergency
   process are established by using the system dynamics method and vensim
   software . first , six factors including transportation distance , the
   degree of mechanical modernization , delay time of personnel control , delay
   time of traffic information release , command level coefficient , and delay
   time of department arrival are selected as parameters to test the model ' s
   sensitivity analysis . then , the influences of the abovementioned factors
   on the observed value , such as the demand gap of on_site materials , number
   of people in safe area , number of vehicles in safe area , amount of
   disposal information , and the dynamic evolution behavior of the system ,
   are analyzed . the results show that the transportation distance is
   shortened by half , and the time to fill the demand gap is reduced by 39 % .
   the level of mechanical modernization is doubled , the peak inventory of
   materials in transit will increase by 9.2 % , and the time to reach the peak
   will be shortened by 6.8 % . if the delay time of personnel control is
   shortened by 480 s , the number of people to be evacuated in accident area
   will be reduced by 56. the delay time of traffic information release is
   shortened by 480 s , the number of vehicles to be evacuated is reduced by 74
   , and the time when the vehicle stops entering accident area is 1646 s in
   advance . the command level coefficient increases by 9.5 % , and the speed
   of action execution increases by 9.6 % .

---

UT 372
AR Xie RQ, 2023, MANAG DECIS, V61, P2050, DOI 10.1108/MD-06-2022-0767
TI Online knowledge sharing in blockchains: towards increasing participation
AU Xie RQ; Zhang WD
TC 8
SO MANAG DECIS
PY 2023
AB purposethis paper aims to propose a system dynamics model of blockchain
   online community knowledge sharing , with the following goals : to reveal
   the internal mechanism of blockchain technology on community knowledge
   sharing . to show the impact of blockchain technology on knowledge sharing .
   and to promote knowledge sharing and the self_development of blockchain
   online communities . design / methodology / approachbased on the core
   characteristic factors of blockchain technology , including incentive
   mechanism , trust mechanism , information protection mechanism , etc . , a
   knowledge sharing analysis framework is established . through the use of the
   vensim ple ( personal learning version ) software , according to the steps
   of ' ' putting forward a dynamic hypothesis ' ' , ' ' establishing a system
   dynamic equations ' ' , and then ' ' model testing ' ' and ' ' simulation '
   ' , the article analyzes in depth the process and extent of the impact of
   the above features on online community knowledge sharing . findingsthe
   results show that the blockchain incentive mechanism , trust mechanism and
   information protection mechanism all contribute to promoting an increase in
   the number of community knowledge sharing users , as well as in the total
   amount of knowledge shared . the results also show that the token reward in
   the incentive mechanism has in fact a higher degree of influence than the
   trust and information protection mechanisms . originality / valueat present
   , no research on the internal mechanism of knowledge sharing in blockchain
   online communities has been carried out . this article plays a complementary
   role in research in this field , and offers significant guidance for
   promoting online community knowledge management and online community
   development .
DE blockchain; knowledge sharing; system dynamics model; incentive mechanism;
   trust mechanism; information protection mechanism

---

UT 373
AR Li GJ, 2021, CITIES, V114, DOI 10.1016/j.cities.2021.103206
TI The dynamic development process of urban resilience: From the perspective of
   interaction and feedback
AU Li GJ; Kou CH; Wen FH
TC 36
SO CITIES
PY 2021
AB the urban system is gradually becoming a multi_level and multipolar network
   under the rapid development of information and communication technology . in
   the urban network , resources can flow orderly and realize optimal
   allocation , but the crisis also can spread and even exert an amplification
   effect . focusing more on network resilience is essential for keeping the
   nexus safety . thus , this paper develops a system dynamics model from
   multiple dimensions of urban resilience and uses a case study to illustrate
   its application . this model can reveal the dynamic development process of
   urban resilience and the interaction mechanism among different dimensions ,
   which can help policymakers formulate classification policies and use them
   at the right time . the conclusions are as following : ( i ) this model is a
   widely applicable tool and its validity and application process are
   presented by the case study . ( ii ) case study shows the development
   process of urban resilience is divided into three developing stages : rapid
   increase , slow increase , and rapid increase again . ( ii ) case study
   shows that subnetwork resilience has different characters . for example ,
   the resilience of material and energy network is the most fast_growing part
   before 2020 , but the resilience of governance network begins to have a
   leading position since 2021 , which will play the most vital role to support
   the improvement of urban resilience in the future . ( iii ) case study shows
   that each sub_network resilience has its sensitivity factors , which should
   become policy concerns and can maximize the output under the same input .
DE urban resilience; dynamic process; interaction and feedback mechanism;
   system dynamics model; sensitivity factor
ID city; network; principles; strategies; framework; models; vensim; cities;
   index

---

UT 374
AR Chidumayo NN, 2018, PLOS, V13, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0205884
TI System dynamics modelling approach to explore the effect of dog demography
   on rabies vaccination coverage in Africa
AU Chidumayo NN
TC 14
SO PLOS
PY 2018
AB background dogs are important reservoirs of rabies , a zoonotic viral
   encephalitis that kills thousands of people in asia and africa annually .
   mass dog vaccination is recommended for the prevention of rabies in both
   humans and dogs . mass vaccinations should be conducted annually but more
   frequent campaigns may be required in areas with high dog turnover rates .
   consequently , a good understanding of dog demography is essential for the
   control of the disease . the aim of this study was to explore the effect of
   dog demography on rabies vaccination coverage following a mass vaccination
   campaign with at least 70 % vaccination coverage . methodology / principal
   findings a dog population model was constructed to explore the effect of dog
   demography on rabies vaccination coverage decline . important model
   parameters were identified through a comprehensive literature search on dog
   demography in africa . a system dynamics approach was adopted to build a dog
   population model to simulate the effects of demographic processes on rabies
   vaccination coverage . vensim ple plus software was used to construct the
   model . multivariate sensitivity simulations using data from 22 studies and
   12 african countries were performed to investigate the effect of dog
   turnover rates on vaccination coverage decline . in addition , an adjusted
   vaccination coverage to estimate the proportion of vaccinated dogs with
   adequate immunity at 12 months post_vaccination was calculated . the results
   demonstrated that the vaccination coverage and adjusted vaccination coverage
   remained over 30 % and 20 % respectively at 12 months if annual mass
   vaccinations achieved at least 70 % coverage . conclusions / significance
   the results demonstrated that annual mass vaccination campaigns with at
   least 70 % vaccination coverage would maintain a herd immunity of 20_45 %
   between campaigns .
ID machakos district; public-health; canine rabies; ecology; population;
   management; campaign; bamako; world

---

UT 375
AR Khivintcev M, 2014, BIZN INF, V27, P23
TI APPLICATION OF MULTI-AGENT GENETIC ALGORITHM FOR SEARCH OF OPTIMUM STRATEGIC
   AND OPERATIONAL DECISIONS
AU Khivintcev M; Akopov A
TC 1
SO BIZN INF
PY 2014
AB the article presents a new approach to applying a multi_agent genetic
   algorithm ( magamo ) for search of optimum strategic and operational
   solutions in large_scale simulation models . the purpose of the paper is to
   develop a simulation model of a referential internet shop on the basis of
   the system dynamics methods and to applythe multi_agent genetic algorithm (
   magamo ) for solution a multi_criteria optimizing problem of the strategic
   and operational control parameters related to the class of large_scale
   problems . an imitation modeling system powersim studio is used for
   implementing the mathematical model of referential internet shop . the
   research is focused on the large_scale multi_criteria optimizing problems
   run in simulation systems . for the solution of such problems , a
   multi_agent genetic algorithm ( magamo ) is offered . the feature of this
   algorithm is the distribution of a set of the system operating parameters
   between agents on the basis of the preliminary cluster analysis . each agent
   represents independent genetic algorithm with its own evolution of the
   decisions , corresponding to thepreset control parameters . information
   exchange between the agents functioning in parallel processes is carried out
   through divided memory of system ( a multidimensional database ) . here ,
   the central process is responsible for selecting solutions of the highest
   rank of pareto . using a specialized software of pareto front viewer
   visualization , pareto ' s front is provided . the developed simulation
   model is integrated with algorithm of magamo , system of visualization of
   pareto front and a multidimensional database . the results of numerical
   experiments , which have been carried out on real data of the internet shop
   , have demonstrated high efficiency of the developed multi_agent genetic
   algorithm for search of optimum solutions in systems of imitating modeling
   of big dimension .
DE multicriteria optimization; system dynamics; parallel genetic algorithms;
   large-scale problem; pareto front

---

UT 376
AR Ma LQ, 2020, J CLEAN PROD, V268, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2020.122206
TI Ecodesign method of intelligent boom sprayer based on Preferable Brownfield
   Process
AU Ma LQ; Xu YL; Zheng JQ; Dai X
TC 9
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2020
AB an intelligent boom sprayer ( ibs ) can realize efficient , precise and
   variable pesticides spraying operations on diverse crops and terrains by
   reconfiguring its hardware / software modules . therefore , an ecological
   and reconfigurable design development strategy for ibs to get design goals ,
   such as detachability , recyclability , maintainability , and reusability ,
   will play a key role in ensuring the functions , service life and quality
   requirements of the product . after analyzing connotation and features of
   ibs , the brownfield process ( bfp ) was optimized to construct a preferable
   brownfield process ( p_bfp ) which could achieve ibs ecodesign goals through
   analyzing the applicability and interference of ibs design and using
   axiomatic design ( ad ) as a main optimization theory role . the content
   identification and communication mechanism of the p_bfp were studied . the
   importance of existing resource reuse and standardization in the product
   design process for ecodesign was also highlighted . dynamic models of bfp
   and p_bfp were built by using system dynamics ( sd ) for providing a method
   to optimize the p_bfp design process . the simulation results showed that
   the p_bfp is more suitable for ibs design than the bfp from the time
   dimension by applying vensim ple and can improve the operating efficiency by
   40 % and reduce the training time by 50 % while scientifically guiding the
   development of ibs . finally , the feasibility of p_bfp was illustrated
   through comparing boom structure development result . the research results
   provide valuable scientific guidance for the ecodesign of reconfigurable
   modular products like ibs . ( c ) 2020 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE intelligent boom sprayer; boom structure development; preferable brownfield
   process; system dynamics model analysis
ID active torque control; vibration suppression; optimization; design;
   suspension

---

UT 377
AR Qu LL, 2025, HABITAT INT, V163, DOI 10.1016/j.habitatint.2025.103456
TI Coupling coordination evolution of the settlements-farming system and its
   optimization path: Keys to sustainable rural development in the Three Gorges
   Reservoir Area of China
AU Qu LL; Tu ZQ; Liu JL; Li YR
TC 13
SO HABITAT INT
PY 2025
AB the stability and coordinated development of the settlements_farming system
   ( sfs ) in mountainous regions are vital for ensuring food security and
   ecological sustainability , particularly in complex terrain zones such as
   the three gorges reservoir area ( tgra ) of china . existing studies have
   largely overlooked the nonlinear feedback mechanisms and spatiotemporal
   dynamics underpinning rural settlements_farming interactions in mountainous
   contexts . to address this gap , this study integrates system dynamics
   modeling_with implementation in vensim_and the entropy weight method for
   indicator weighting to evaluate the coupling coordination of the sfs in the
   mountainous areas of chongqing within the tgra . through multi_scenario
   simulations , the research investigates how endogenous and exogenous drivers
   influence the evolution and optimization of the sfs over the period
   2005_2020. the findings reveal that : ( 1 ) under the status quo development
   mode , the coupling coordination of the sfs in the tgra exhibits a favorable
   trend , with an average annual growth rate of 2.5 % during 2005_2020 . ( 2 )
   endogenous dynamics , such as farmland utilization efficiency , mainly drive
   the coupling evolution of the sfs by enhancing land development in the
   reservoir area and responding to technological innovations and policy
   reforms . ( 3 ) exogenous dynamics , such as the degree of government
   expectation fulfillment , also influence the system by limiting excessive
   government interventions . however , endogenous dynamics have a
   significantly stronger effect than exogenous dynamics on the system ' s
   evolution . therefore , it is essential to balance policy support with the
   improvement of endogenous dynamics to promote the region ' s sustainable
   development . this study contributes theoretical and methodological
   innovation by embedding dynamic feedback analysis into sfs evaluation and
   identifying key leverage points for rural revitalization . it also offers
   targeted policy recommendations to support the sustainable rural development
   of mountainous territorial systems , emphasizing a human_land systems
   perspective that aligns land structure optimization with ecological
   restoration and rural well_being .
DE settlements-farming system; coupling coordination; system dynamics;
   simulation; three gorges reservoir area
ID land-use

---

UT 378
AR Ji C, 2022, SUSTAIN, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14031171
TI Sustainable Mechanism of the Entrusted Transportation Management Mode on
   High-Speed Rail and the Impact of COVID-19: A Case Study of the Beijing-
   Shanghai High-Speed Rail
AU Ji C; Yao YK; Duan JQ; Li WX
TC 3
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB the transport management mode fundamentally determines the sustainable
   development of high_speed rail passenger transport ( hsrpt ) , which was
   shocked by the covid_19 pandemic in 2020 . in order to study the sustainable
   development mechanism of hsrpt and the impact of covid_19 , primarily based
   on the data from the beijing_shanghai high_speed rail ( hsr ) taken from
   2018 , we adopt system dynamics ( sd ) to provide a scenario simulation
   method to examination sustainable operation status of hsrpt under the
   entrusted transportation management mode ( etmm ) by vensim , and take into
   account the following two evaluation indicators : economic and operational .
   the results show the following : ( 1 ) transportation demand and
   commissioned transportation management fees play a vital role in the
   sustainable operation of the beijing_shanghai hsr , causing significant
   changes in transportation revenue and transportation costs . ( 2 ) covid_19
   had a great impact on the sustainable operation of the beijing_shanghai hsr
   . in 2020 , the turnover and transportation profit of the beijing_shanghai
   hsr fell by 74.31 % and 49.19 % , respectively . in 2022 , the
   transportation profit can be restored to the level of 2019 . the study
   results reveal that beijing_shanghai hsr under the etmm has a good
   sustainable development capability .
DE high-speed rail passenger transport; sustainable operation; entrusted
   transportation management mode; covid-19 impact; system dynamics

---

UT 379
AR Wang TS, 2024, TRANSP POLIC, V157, P155, DOI 10.1016/j.tranpol.2024.08.011
TI The effect of carbon quota allocation methods on maritime supply chain
   emission reduction
AU Wang TS; Wu ZH/1; Cheng PY; Wang YD
TC 23
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2024
AB in september 2020 , the european parliament decided to include the co2
   emitted on the all intra_european and 50 % of extra_european voyages in the
   european union emission trading system ( eu_ets ) starting from 2022 , in
   order to reduce the co2 emission . with the implementation of eu_ets , the
   maritime supply chain will inevitably be significantly affected . different
   carbon quota allocations in ets have different impact on the co2 emission
   reduction , which motivates us to investigate the effect of different carbon
   quota allocations on maritime co2 emission reduction . therefore , this
   paper considers two carbon quota allocations : the historical total quantity
   method and the historical intensity method , and develops a game model for
   each method . then , the equilibrium solutions of each game model are
   analyzed . with the help of the system dynamics and the software vensim ,
   numerical experiments are conducted to verify the properties obtained in the
   analysis of the equilibrium solutions . the experimental results indicate
   that 1 ) green technology ( gt ) can effectively reduce carbon emissions .
   based on long_term simulation results , the gt investments will be gradually
   offset by profiting from carbon quota trading . 2 ) profits may vary with
   price , but the historical intensity method consistently achieves better
   carbon reduction effects or relatively higher profits . 3 ) the marginal
   profits of companies with similar historical intensity baselines are almost
   the same . this gives an advantage to companies who implement green
   technologies earlier , as they can quickly gain returns from gt .
DE carbon quota allocation methods; maritime supply chain; carbon emission
   trading; system dynamics; game model
ID trading system; deployment; transport; scheme; port

---

UT 380
AR Stouten H, 2008, AQUAT LIVING RESOUR, V21, P247, DOI 10.1051/alr:2008037
TI The effect of restrictive policy instruments on Belgian fishing fleet
   dynamics
AU Stouten H; Heene A; Gellynck X; Polet H
TC 4
SO AQUAT LIVING RESOUR
PY 2008
AB even with the rapid changes in the level of complexity and the uncertainty
   of the environment in which belgian sea fisheries operate , fisheries
   management in belgium is still mainly based on restrictive policy
   instruments founded in the biological approach of fisheries management
   science . since they will continue to play an important role , this paper
   evaluated changes in three restrictive policy instruments and their effect
   on future fleet performance and dynamics , i . e . maximum fishing days ,
   total quota_restrictions and licenses . these effects are tested through
   scenarios in a microeconomic simulation model , including sensitivity
   analysis . this study opts for a dynamic simulation model based on a
   microeconomic approach of fleet dynamics using system dynamics as a modeling
   technique ( operational base : vensim ( r ) dss ) . the results indicated
   that changes in maximum fishing days and total quota resulted in higher
   fluctuations in fleet performance and dynamics compared to changes in
   licenses . furthermore , changes in maximum fishing days and total quota had
   a direct impact on fleet performance , though not always as expected ,
   whereas licenses only affected fleet performance indirectly since they only
   limit the entry of new vessels to the fleet and they can block the growth of
   successful sub fleets . the outcomes of this study are translated into
   practical recommendations for improving fisheries management . firstly ,
   policy makers need to be more aware of misperceptions of feedback . secondly
   , the results proved that altering only one type of restrictive policy
   instrument at a time often fails to meet desired outcomes . therefore ,
   policy makers need to find a balance in combining policy instruments .
   finally , this paper opens the discussion on the future value of restrictive
   policy instruments in the rapidly changing , complex and uncertain fisheries
   environment . it suggests rethinking their use from ' ' preserving a status
   quo and social peace ' ' toward a driving factor in ' ' stimulating fleet
   dynamics ' ' .
DE fisheries-management; restrictive policy instruments; sensitivity
   simulation; system dynamics; fleet performance; fleet dynamics
ID fisheries-management; renewable resources; decision-making; misperceptions;
   complexity; feedback

---

UT 381
AR Al-Khatib IA, 2016, ENV MONIT ASSESS, V188, DOI 10.1007/s10661-016-5487-9
TI A system dynamics approach for hospital waste management in a city in a
   developing country: the case of Nablus, Palestine
AU Al-Khatib IA; Eleyan D; Garfield J
TC 28
SO ENV MONIT ASSESS
PY 2016
AB hospitals and health centers provide a variety of healthcare services and
   normally generate hazardous waste as well as general waste . general waste
   has a similar nature to that of municipal solid waste and therefore could be
   disposed of in municipal landfills . however , hazardous waste poses risks
   to public health , unless it is properly managed . the hospital waste
   management system encompasses many factors , i . e . , number of beds ,
   number of employees , level of service , population , birth rate , fertility
   rate , and not in my back yard ( nimby ) syndrome . therefore , this
   management system requires a comprehensive analysis to determine the role of
   each factor and its influence on the whole system . in this research , a
   hospital waste management simulation model is presented based on the system
   dynamics technique to determine the interaction among these factors in the
   system using a software package , ithink . this model is used to estimate
   waste segregation as this is important in the hospital waste management
   system to minimize risk to public health . real data has been obtained from
   a case study of the city of nablus , palestine to validate the model . the
   model exhibits wastes generated from three types of hospitals ( private ,
   charitable , and government ) by considering the number of both inpatients
   and outpatients depending on the population of the city under study . the
   model also offers the facility to compare the total waste generated among
   these different types of hospitals and anticipate and predict the future
   generated waste both infectious and non_infectious and the treatment cost
   incurred .
DE hazardous waste; hospitals; generation rate; systemdynamics; developing
   countries; palestine
ID health-care waste; medical waste; sharps injuries; disposal

---

UT 382
AR Adeogun A, 2025, HEAL, V13, DOI 10.3390/healthcare13030213
TI Patient-Centric Paradigm: A Systems Thinking Approach to Enhance Healthcare
AU Adeogun A; Faezipour M
TC 3
SO HEAL
PY 2025
AB objective : the study aims to investigate the impact of patient_centric
   approaches on patient health outcomes , identify key leverage points for
   enhancing patient_centered care , and evaluate the effectiveness of systems
   thinking in guiding healthcare transformations . methods and procedures :
   the research utilizes system dynamics methodology , combining qualitative
   and quantitative data with causal loop diagrams and simulation models .
   using vensim software , the study examines dynamic interactions , feedback
   loops , and the effects of patient_centric interventions . sensitivity
   analysis assesses the impact of variables such as access to healthcare
   improvements , and social determinants of health ( sdoh ) , providing
   insights into the systemic behaviors of healthcare models . results :
   simulation analyzes demonstrate the effectiveness of patient_centric
   interventions in improving engagement , satisfaction , communication , and
   health outcomes . key leverage points , such as enhanced patient_provider
   communication and addressing sdoh , are critical for driving sustainable
   improvements . however , declining trends in outcomes over time indicate the
   need for adaptive strategies to maintain effectiveness . conclusions : the
   study emphasizes the importance of maintaining patient centricity in
   healthcare settings . by leveraging systems thinking and addressing
   underlying factors such as sdoh , the research provides actionable insights
   to enhance care delivery and patient outcomes . despite the limitations of
   simulated data , the findings contribute to understanding the dynamic
   interplay between patient_centric strategies and healthcare system
   performance , advocating for sustained efforts to ensure equitable and
   effective care .
DE patient-centric approaches; causal model loop; systems thinking; system
   dynamics; health-care system; social determinants of health
ID policies

---

UT 383
AR Gallego-García S, 2021, APPL SCI-BASEL, V11, DOI 10.3390/app11010233
TI Predictive Sales and Operations Planning Based on a Statistical Treatment of
   Demand to Increase Efficiency: A Supply Chain Simulation Case Study
AU Gallego-García S; García-García M
TC 11
SO APPL SCI-BASEL
PY 2021
AB forecasting is the basis for planning . good planning is based on a good
   prediction of what is going to happen to prepare a company , a department ,
   and their environments for certain future developments and their
   intermediate states . in this context , resources are allocated to these
   future states in the most efficient way , given a certain set of resource
   conditions . although market volatility demands the high adaptability of
   companies ' operations , dynamic planning is still not widespread . as a
   result , the alignment of planning processes with potential scenarios is not
   given , leading to a lack of solution preparation in the long term ,
   suboptimal decision_making in the medium term , and corrective measures in
   the short term , with higher costs and a lower service level . therefore ,
   the aim of this research is to propose a predictive approach that will help
   managers develop sales and operations planning ( s and op ) with higher
   accuracy and stability . for this purpose , a methodology combining demand
   scenarios , statistical analysis of the demand , forecasting techniques ,
   random number generation , and system dynamics was developed . the goal of
   this predictive s and op is to predict the supply chain system ' s behavior
   to generate plans that prevent potential inefficiencies , thereby avoiding
   corrective measures . in addition , to assess the methodology , the model is
   applied in the software vensim , for an automotive producer ' s supply chain
   , to compare the predictive s and op model with a classical approach . the
   results show that the proposed predictive approach can increase a
   manufacturer ' s efficiency by increasing its adaptability through the
   identification of potential inefficiencies and can also be used to prepare
   solutions .
DE scenario management; sales and operations planning; predictive model; system
   dynamics; supply chain management; manufacturing

---

UT 384
AR Wang FF, 2022, J ENVIRON MANAGE, V318, DOI 10.1016/j.jenvman.2022.115623
TI Scenarios and sustainability of the economy-nitrogen-resource-environment
   system using a system dynamic model on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau
AU Wang FF; Liu SL; Liu H/1; Liu YX; Yu L; Wang QB; Dong YH; Tran LSP; Sun J;
   Zhao WW
TC 12
SO J ENV MANAG
PY 2022
AB nitrogen ( n ) plays a vital role in the development of crop production and
   animal husbandry in agricultural and pastoral areas . however , the
   irrational utilization of n resources and subsequent environmental issues
   with rapid economic development has attracted wide public attention .
   coordinating the economy_n_resource_environment ( enre ) system is of great
   importance for regional sustainable development . in this study , the
   dynamics of the enre system of a typical agricultural and pastoral area on
   the qinghai_tibet plateau ( qtp ) were simulated using the vensim software
   from 1998 to 2018 . four typical scenarios ( current development scenario ,
   economic development scenario , environment protection scenario and resource
   optimization scenario ) are established to assess the sustainability level
   and the coupling coordination degrees ( ccds ) of the three subsystems , i .
   e . , the economy , n_resource and environment subsystems from 2019 to 2030
   . our study indicates that the n flow_based system dynamics ( sd ) model
   connects the different subsystems of the enre system together well and
   allows different scenario simulations . from 2019 to 2030 , the enre system
   is at a weak sustainability level during the simulation period , and the
   three subsystems are at slightly unbalanced stages of development in terms
   of ccd level . the sustainability and ccd levels of the four examined
   scenarios are as follows : resource optimization scenario > economic
   development scenario > environment protection scenario > current development
   scenario , with average values of 0.45 , 0.37 . 0.42 , 0.36 . 0.41 , 0.35.
   and 0.39 , 0.34 , respectively . under the resource optimization scenario ,
   reducing n inputs to food production and consumption and reducing the
   planting area of cash crops can effectively improve the n use efficiency of
   the food chain in the n_resource subsystem ( 15.34 % from 2019 to 2030 on
   average ) . our results provide a reference for promoting sustainable
   development and formulating policies in agricultural and pastoral regions .
DE economy -nitrogen-resource -environment; system; system dynamics; scenario
   analysis; sustainability level; coupling coordination degree
ID phosphorus use efficiencies; food-chain; energy-consumption; coupling
   analysis; simulation model; co2 emissions; china food; management;
   urbanization; coordination

---

UT 385
AR Liu JK, 2020, ENVIRON SCI POLLUT R, V27, P37260, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-019-06739-x
TI System dynamic analysis of construction waste recycling industry chain in
   China
AU Liu JK; Teng Y; Wang D; Gong EQ
TC 56
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2020
AB with the acceleration of china ' s urbanization process , construction
   activities have led to a substantial increase in construction waste .
   however , as china ' s construction waste recycling rate is low , it is
   difficult to convert construction waste into valuable products for the
   sustainable development of waste resources . the biggest reason for this is
   the construction waste industrial chain , which is imperfect and has many
   problems . in this study , a simulation model is established using system
   dynamics software vensim ple . the analog simulation shows that ( 1 ) china
   generates a large amount of construction waste every year . if construction
   waste source reduction measures are implemented , it will inhibit 50 % of
   the waste generated . upstream enterprises in the industry chain should
   actively develop waste reduction technology and improve waste reduction
   management . ( 2 ) marginal effect exists in the single waste reduction
   measure , but the government should implement more portfolio reduction
   measures to enhance the reduction effect , which is often three times that
   of the single policy . ( 3 ) the middle stream recycling enterprises in the
   industry chain can not solely rely on government subsidies to reduce the
   cost of waste recycling . it is necessary to create synergistic linkages
   with more responsible entities upstream and downstream of the industry chain
   , thus creating a new model in construction waste management . ( 4 )
   government policies tend to drive the purchasing power of building material
   market . the government should actively exert its subjective initiative ,
   supervise and provide policies to help the downstream enterprises that
   supply recycled building materials in the industry chain , and change the
   rigid understanding of contractors and owners about recycled building
   materials . the research conclusions can provide theoretical guidance for
   industry chain_related enterprises and government management departments in
   policy formulation , so that construction waste is sustainably developed .
DE construction and demolition waste ( c and dw ); collaborative management;
   industry chain; system dynamics; sustainable development
ID demolition waste; management; model; minimization; contractors; disposal;
   behavior; design; impact

---

UT 386
AR [Anonymous], 2021, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/2493380
TI Research on the Differential Mechanisms of Knowledge Cross-Border Searching
   on Firms' Dual Innovation in the Digital Context: Based on Simulation of
   System Dynamics Model
TC 3
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2021
AB acquiring and combining heterogeneous knowledge resources across
   organizational boundaries are an important path for the success of
   enterprises ' innovation . from the perspective of the relation attributes
   between knowledge elements , this paper divides knowledge cross_border
   searching into two types : domain knowledge searching and architectural
   knowledge coupling searching . then , we construct a system dynamics model
   and use vensim ple software to carry out simulation analysis to explore the
   differential mechanisms of knowledge cross_border searching influence firms
   ' dual innovation in the context of digital transformation . the analysis
   results show that domain knowledge searching positively affects firms '
   iterative innovation , while there is an inverted you_shaped relationship
   between architectural knowledge searching and firms ' disruptive innovation
   , indicating that different types of knowledge cross_border searching have
   differential effects on firms ' dual innovation . the simulation results
   also address that digital resources can promote enterprises ' dual
   innovation in the process of knowledge cross_border searching . the research
   results reveal that the internal laws of knowledge cross_border searching
   affect enterprises ' dual innovation in the context of digital
   transformation and provide a theoretical reference for enterprises to
   effectively use digital technology to adopt knowledge searching activities .

---

UT 387
AR Bastan M, 2024, KYBERNETES, V53, P5325, DOI 10.1108/K-07-2022-0981
TI Resilient banking: model-based assessment of business continuity policies on
   commercial banks
AU Bastan M; Tavakkoli-Moghaddam R; Bozorgi-Amiri A
TC 3
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2024
AB purpose_commercial banks face several risks , including credit , liquidity ,
   operational and disruptive risks . in addition to these risks that are
   challenging for banks to control and manage , crises and disasters can exert
   substantially more destructive shocks . these shocks can exacerbate internal
   risks and because severe damage to the bank ' s performance , leading banks
   to bankruptcy and closure . this study aims to facilitate achieving
   resilient banking policies through a model_based assessment of business
   continuity management ( bcm ) policies . design / methodology / approach_by
   applying a system dynamics ( sd ) methodology , a systemic model that
   includes a causal structure of the banking business is presented . to build
   a simulation model , data are collected from a commercial bank in iran . by
   presenting the simulation model of the bank ' s business , the consequences
   of some given crises on the bank ' s performance are tested , and the
   effectiveness of risk and crisis management policies is evaluated . vensim
   personal learning edition ( ple ) software is used to construct the
   simulation model . findings_results indicate that the current bcm policies
   do not show appropriate resilience in the face of various crises .
   commercial banks can not create sustainable value for the banks '
   shareholders despite the possibility of profitability , as the shareholders
   lack adequate resilience and soundness . these commercial banks do not have
   the appropriate resilience for the next pandemic after coronavirus disease
   2019 ( covid_19 ) . moreover , the robustness of the current banking
   business model is very fragile for the banking run crisis . practical
   implications_a forward_looking view of resilient banking can be obtained by
   combining liquidity coverage , stable funding , capital adequacy and
   insights from stress tests . resilient banking requires a balanced
   combination of robustness , soundness and profitability . originality /
   value_the present study is a combination of bank business management , risk
   and resilience management and sd simulation . this approach can analyze and
   simulate the dynamics of bank resilience . additionally , present of a
   decision support system ( dss ) to analyze and simulate the outcomes of
   different crisis management policies and solutions is an innovative approach
   to developing effective and resilient banking policies .
DE resilient banking; organizational resilience; risk management; capital
   adequacy; liquidity coverage; stable funding; system dynamics
ID management; system

---

UT 388
AR Wang N, 2025, WORLD ELECTR VEH J, V16, DOI 10.3390/wevj16030151
TI The Efficacy of the New Energy Vehicle Mandate Policy on Passenger Vehicle
   Market in China
AU Wang N; Li XF; Yang XN
TC 4
SO WORLD ELECTR VEH J
PY 2025
AB this paper aims to assess the impact of the new energy vehicle ( nev )
   mandate policy on the passenger vehicle market in china , with a focus on
   its effectiveness in promoting nev adoption . in response to global climate
   goals and energy security concerns , china has implemented various nev
   policies , including the phase_out of direct subsidies and the introduction
   of the nev mandate policy ( dual_credits policy ) . this policy , which
   combines nev credits and corporate average fuel consumption ( cafc ) credits
   , aims not only to promote nev adoption but also to support industrial
   policy objectives by helping the auto industry leapfrog traditional internal
   combustion engines and become globally competitive . in this study , a
   system dynamics ( sd ) model was developed using vensim software ( 10.2.2 )
   to simulate interactions between automakers , government policies , and
   consumer behaviors . the results show that the nev mandate policy
   significantly boosts nev sales , with projections indicating that nev sales
   will reach 15 million units by 2030 , accounting for 55 % of the passenger
   vehicle market . additionally , the study finds that tightening nev credits
   standards and increasing the nev credit proportion requirements can further
   enhance market growth , with stricter measures post_2023 being crucial to
   achieving a 50 % market share . in contrast , under a scenario where the
   dual_credits policy ends in 2024 , the nev market share would still grow but
   would fall short of the 50 % target by 2030 . the findings suggest that
   stronger policy measures will be essential to maintain long_term market
   momentum .
DE new energy vehicle mandate policy; dual-credits policy; system dynamics
   model; automobile market; policy impact; policy trend
ID electric vehicles; us

---

UT 389
AR Duan W, 2021, ADV PROD ENG MANAG, V16, P5, DOI 10.14743/apem2021.1.381
TI Analysis of the impact of COVID-19 on the coupling of the material flow and
   capital flow in a closed-loop supply chain
AU Duan W; Ma H; Xu DS
TC 20
SO ADV PROD ENG MANAG
PY 2021
AB the complex and changeable external social and economic environment has a
   significant impact on the sustainable development of the closed_loop supply
   chain . in particular , the occurrence of uncertain emergencies increases
   the risk of interruption of the closed_loop supply chain , making it
   insufficient to analyze its complex changes from the perspective of material
   flow alone . based on this analysis , the paper constructs a closed_loop
   supply chain material flow and capital flow coupling system composed of
   manufacturers , sellers and recyclers to explore the impact of material flow
   sudden interruption on the closed_loop supply chain system when an uncertain
   emergency occurs . in this paper , based on the closed_loop supply chain
   system coupled with logistics and capital flow , a system dynamics
   simulation model was established by using vensim simulation software to
   analyze the impact of covid_19 epidemic on manufacturers , sellers and
   recyclers under five scenarios . the results show that when covid_19
   outbreaks occur , the material flow of each main enterprise in the
   closed_loop supply chain is more easily influenced than the capital flow .
   at the same time , it can be found that the recyclers in the main
   enterprises of the closed_loop supply chain are more easily influenced by
   the material flow . the model constructed in this paper has applicability
   and can be used for related studies of closed_loop supply chain under other
   emergencies , but the scene design should be carried out according to the
   characteristics of emergencies themselves .
DE covid-19 epidemic; supply chain; closed-loop supply chain; material flow;
   capital flow; material-capital flows coupling; system dynamics; simulation;
   vensim simulation software

---

UT 390
AR [Anonymous], 2013, INT J MIN SCI TECHNOL, V23, P879, DOI
   10.1016/j.ijmst.2013.11.001
TI System dynamics model of the support-surrounding rock system in fully
   mechanized mining with large mining height face and its application
TC 17
SO INT J MIN SCI TECHNOL
PY 2013
AB fully mechanized mining with large mining height ( fmmlmh ) is widely used
   in thick coal seam mining face for its higher recovery ratio , especially
   where the thickness is less than 7.0 m . however , because of the great
   mining height and intense rock pressure , the coal wall rib spalling , roof
   falling and the instability of support occur more likely in fmmlmh working
   face , and the above three types of disasters interact with each other with
   complicated relationships . in order to get the relationship between each
   two of coal wall , roof , floor and support , and reduce the occurrence
   probability of the three types of disasters , we established the system
   dynamics ( sd ) model of the support_surrounding rock system which is
   composed of ' ' coal wall_roof_floor_support ' ' ( cw_r_f_s ) in a fmmlmh
   working face based on the condition of no . 15104 working face in
   sijiazhuang coal mine . with the software of vensim , we also simulated the
   interaction process between each two factors of roof , floor , coal wall and
   the support . the results show that the sd model of ' ' cw_r_f_s ' ' system
   can reveal the complicated and interactive relationship clearly between the
   support and surrounding rock in the fmmlmh working face . by increasing the
   advancing speed of working face , the support resistance or the length of
   support guard , or by decreasing the tip_to_face distance , the stability of
   ' ' cw_r_f_s ' ' system will be higher and the happening probability of the
   disasters such as coal wall rib spalling , roof falling or the instability
   of support will be lower . these research findings have been testified in
   field application in no . 15104 working face , which can provide a new
   approach for researching the interaction relationship of support and
   surrounding rock . ( c ) 2013 published by elsevier b.v . on behalf of china
   university of mining and technology .
DE fmmlmh; support-surrounding rock system; sd model; disaster control;
   simulation analysis

---

UT 391
AR Wong JJ, 2014, J MANIP PHYSIOL THER, V37, P7, DOI 10.1016/j.jmpt.2013.07.009
TI EXAMINATION OF THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THEORY-DRIVEN POLICIES AND ALLOWED
   LOST-TIME BACK CLAIMS IN WORKERS' COMPENSATION: A SYSTEM DYNAMICS MODEL
AU Wong JJ; McGregor M; Mior SA; Loisel P
TC 6
SO J MANIP PHYSIOL THER
PY 2014
AB objective : the purpose of this study was to develop a model that evaluates
   the impact of policy changes on the number of workers ' compensation
   lost_time back claims in ontario , canada , over a 30_year timeframe . the
   model was used to test the hypothesis that a theory_and policy_driven model
   would be sufficient in reproducing historical claims data in a robust manner
   and that policy changes would have a major impact on modeled data . methods
   : the model was developed using system dynamics methods in the vensim
   simulation program . the theoretical effects of policies for compensation
   benefit levels and experience rating fees were modeled . the model was built
   and validated using historical claims data from 1980 to 2009 . sensitivity
   analysis was used to evaluate the modeled data at extreme end points of
   variable input and timeframes . the degree of predictive value of the
   modeled data was measured by the coefficient of determination , root mean
   square error , and theil ' s inequality coefficients . results : correlation
   between modeled data and actual data was found to be meaningful ( r_2 =
   0.934 ) , and the modeled data were stable at extreme end points . among the
   effects explored , policy changes were found to be relatively minor drivers
   of back claims data , accounting for a 13 % improvement in error .
   simulation results suggested that unemployment , number of no_lost_time
   claims , number of injuries per worker , and recovery rate from back
   injuries outside of claims management to be sensitive drivers of back claims
   data . conclusion : arobust systems_based model was developed and tested for
   use in future policy research in ontario ' s workers ' compensation . the
   study findings suggest that certain areas within and outside the workers '
   compensation system need to be considered when evaluating and changing
   policies around back claims .
DE workers compensation; back-pain; policy; economics; nonlinear models
ID prognostic-factors; injured workers; public-health; risk-factors; sick-
   leave; pain; return; disability; intervention; insurance

---

UT 392
AR Tranoulidis A, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16167196
TI Quantifying the Impact of Coal Transition on GDP Growth through System
   Dynamics: The Case of the Region of Western Macedonia, Greece
AU Tranoulidis A; Sotiropoulou REP; Bithas K; Tagaris E
TC 1
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB the transition from coal to more sustainable energy sources represents a
   critical shift for economies reliant on coal production . to investigate the
   intricate processes involved in such a transition , the use of powerful
   analytical tools is essential . this study assesses the impact of the
   delignification process on gdp growth over a 20_year horizon ( 2015_2035 )
   in the region of western macedonia , greece , using the vensim ple plus
   9.0.1 software , a robust tool for system dynamics modeling . by developing
   a dynamic model that captures the key variables and feedback loops
   associated with coal transition , this research examines economic , social ,
   and investment variables , emphasizing their causal relationships . the
   study integrates societal , economic , and educational impacts on production
   transition , addressing issues such as unemployment , financial support ,
   and investments in human resources and r and d . additionally , it considers
   the influence of climate change on gdp . the model highlights population
   dynamics , economic development , and education as critical factors .
   scenarios explore the impact of increased funding on education , research ,
   and financial aid efficiency , providing insights into enhancing gdp in
   decarbonizing regions . the study reveals that increased investment in
   education and human capital leads to slight improvements in local gdp ,
   though the effects are not immediate . enhanced efficiency in government and
   european spending significantly boosts local gdp by creating strong value
   chains and local economies of scale . it is found that the increase in
   financial support to the regions in transition is of the utmost importance
   and has a multiplicative nature , something that should encourage the
   european union to increase its financial support tools . the model ' s
   simulations align closely with historical gdp data , validating its accuracy
   . the contributions of the present work offer valuable insights to
   policymakers and stakeholders engaged in the transition processes .
DE gdp; system dynamic; coal transition; development system
ID renewable energy; economic-growth; perspective; model; performance;
   simulation

---

UT 393
AR Bafkar A, 2022, J AGRIC SCI TECHNOL, V24, P707
TI Determination of Optimal Irrigation Water Supply Scenario for Karkheh Dam to
   Prevent Drainage Problems of Dashte Abbas Plain Using System Dynamics
   Approach
AU Bafkar A; Alizadeh H; Mozafari J
TC 0
SO J AGRIC SCI TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB dashte abbas is one of the fertile plains of the ilam province situated in
   the southwest of iran , where water resources are scarce , and often the
   quality of water is not suitable for agricultural uses . to solve the
   problem of water scarcity , the karkheh_dashte abbas inter_basin water
   transfer project started operation in 2008 . the objective of this study was
   to investigate the effects of different agricultural water management
   scenarios on the environmental and economic conditions in the dashte abbas
   using the system dynamics ( sd ) approach . the conceptual model was
   considered based on five sub_models , including water demand , water supply
   , environmental stresses , environment , and water economics . the evaluated
   water transfer scenarios were allocation of 160 , 170 , 180 , 200 million
   cubic meters ( mcm ) water transferred from the karkheh dam and 90 , 80 , 70
   , and 60 mcm annual groundwater withdrawal from the aquifer , respectively .
   the results showed that in all scenarios , water transfer increased
   groundwater level , decreased groundwater quality , reduced soil aeration
   and drainage , increased salinity of root zone and , consequently , reduced
   agricultural production in the plain . the results of the sd model
   demonstrate that the need for drainage is reduced with increasing
   groundwater consumption . the alternative cropping systems with higher water
   requirements , including forage crops and sugar beet , may be helpful to
   reduce drainage problems and to prevent construction of an underground
   drainage system . the results also confirmed that with the implementation of
   the first water allocation scenario ( allocation of annual 160 mcm surface
   water transfer and annual 90 mcm of groundwater withdrawal ) and cultivation
   of higher water requirement crops can reduce the rise in groundwater level
   and drainage problems . in these conditions , the water table remains almost
   constant at a depth of 10 meters .
DE conceptual model; water economics; vensim software
ID model; management; crop

---

UT 394
AR Chai NJ, 2022, TRANSP POLIC, V125, P267, DOI 10.1016/j.tranpol.2022.05.002
TI Safety evaluation of urban rail transit operation considering uncertainty
   and risk preference: A case study in China
AU Chai NJ; Zhou WL; Hu XL
TC 20
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2022
AB safety evaluation of urban rail transit ( urt ) operation can not only have
   a great impact on passenger travel options , but is also related to planning
   of urban development . the evaluation results of urt operational safety are
   important for transit operators and passengers . in this study , we develop
   an integrated multi_stage evaluation framework to assess urt operation from
   the perspective of safety , which considers information uncertainty of key
   influence factors ( kifs ) , and risk preference of decision_makers ( dms )
   . firstly , to identify and select kifs , this study makes systematic
   analysis of impacts on urt operational safety from five aspects : passengers
   , management , equipment , environment , and disaster respectively . vensim
   software is used to build a stock flow model based on system dynamics method
   , and a two_level index system for assessing urt operational safety is
   established . secondly , dms ' weights are specified based on interval
   valued triangular fuzzy ( ivtf ) _topsis method , and ivtf_ahp_entropy is
   introduced to determine the combined weight of each indicator . thirdly , an
   sshaped utility function under ivtf environment is developed to get the
   ranking order of research objects , and operational safety levels are
   determined based on cloud model . finally , changsha subway network is
   selected as a case study to test our proposed evaluation framework , and
   some related suggestions for operators and managers have been put forward in
   the future .
DE urban rail transit; operational safety evaluation; ivtf-topsis; ivtf-ahp-
   entropy; s-shaped utility function; cloud model
ID system dynamics; fuzzy-ahp; metro construction; assessment model; combined
   weights; management; selection; entropy; topsis; prioritization

---

UT 395
AR Li CZ, 2017, J CLEAN PROD, V153, P692, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2016.11.028
TI Schedule risk modeling in prefabrication housing production
AU Li CZ; Shen GQ; Xu XX; Xue F; Sommer L; Luo LZ
TC 79
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2017
AB every country is dealing with its own housing problems . however , none
   compares with hong kong where housing has always been a major concern as a
   result of low supply over the past decades . against the constraints in
   delivering sufficient houses , prefabrication as a sustainable solution for
   housing has been increasingly advocated for its potential merits of better
   quality , construction safety and cleaner built environment . however ,
   schedule delay caused by various risks affected the prefabrication housing
   production ( php ) in hong kong . this problem can be further worsened when
   the manufacturing sector of php has entirely moved to offshore areas in the
   pearl river delta region . this study applies system dynamics to recognize
   and investigate the potential effect of various risks on the scheduling of
   prefabrication housing construction projects through the employment of
   vensim software package . the simulation results show that schedule risks ,
   namely low information interoperability between different enterprise
   resource planning systems ( liibderps ) , logistics information
   inconsistency due to human errors probability ( liihep ) , delay of delivery
   of precast element to site ( ddpes ) , and design information gap between
   designer and manufacturer ( digdm ) significantly contribute to the schedule
   delay in php . however , schedule is more sensitive toward liibderps than
   for the other three risks , indicating that liibderps should be monitored
   and given priority . the system dynamic model serves as an effective tool
   for quantitatively evaluating the effect of various risks on the schedule of
   php , offering valuable references for managers though comparing simulation
   results under different risk scenarios , so that potential risks that might
   lead to schedule delay could be identified and handled in advance . ( c )
   2016 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE schedule risk management; prefabrication housing production; system
   dynamcis; hong-kong
ID system dynamics model; construction waste management; supply chain; hong-
   kong; reduction; performance; components

---

UT 396
AR Williams A, 2009, J ENV MANAG, V90, P471, DOI 10.1016/j.jenvman.2007.11.005
TI A dynamic simulation based water resources education tool
AU Williams A; Lansey K; Washburne J
TC 18
SO J ENV MANAG
PY 2009
AB educational tools to assist the public in recognizing impacts of water
   policy in a realistic context are not generally available . this project
   developed systems with modeling_based educational decision support
   simulation tools to satisfy this need . the goal of this model is to teach
   undergraduate students and the general public about the implications of
   common water management alternatives so that they can better understand or
   become involved in water policy and make more knowledgeable personal or
   community decisions . the model is based on powersim , a dynamic simulation
   software package capable of producing web_accessible , intuitive , graphic ,
   user_friendly interfaces . modules are included to represent . residential ,
   agricultural , industrial , and turf uses , its well as non_market values ,
   water quality , reservoir , flow , and climate conditions . supplementary
   materials emphasize important concepts and lead learners through the model ,
   culminating in an open_ended water management project . the model is used in
   a university of arizona undergraduate class and within the arizona master
   watershed stewards program . evaluation results demonstrated improved
   understanding of concepts and system interactions , fulfilling the project '
   s objectives . ( c ) 2007 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE water resources; education; modeling; dynamic simulation; sustainability
ID system dynamics

---

UT 397
AR Gao LH, 2025, ECOL ECON, V228, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2024.108451
TI Effect simulation and local adaptation of multi-agent collaborative
   governance in marine eco-economic systems: Evidence from China
AU Gao LH; Gao K; Sun WW; Zhang Y/1; Zhang RP; Zhang LX
TC 2
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2025
AB the government ' s unitary management of marine eco_economic systems has
   several drawbacks , underscoring the urgency of exploring the effectiveness
   and feasibility of a multi_agent collaborative governance model . in this
   study , we developed a simulation model based on statistical and survey data
   to examine the effectiveness of multi_agent collaborative governance in
   marine eco_economic systems . using the data simulation function of system
   dynamics ( sd ) vensim ple , we verified the input parameters , income
   variables , behavior probability , and governance outcomes for five types of
   stakeholders in marine governance , finding that : ( 1 ) in a multi_agent
   the governance framework , arbitrarily increasing the participation
   probability of one stakeholder type tends to lead to the involvement of two
   or more types . this leads to the establishment of a compact multi_agent
   collaborative governance model , significantly enhancing both participation
   and fairness of governance compared to the traditional government_centric
   model . ( 2 ) regardless of which parameter is optimized , the multi_agent
   collaborative governance model can improve the performance of marine
   eco_economic systems . this governance model is more conducive to the
   coordinated , healthy , and sustainable development of marine eco_economic
   system . ( 3 ) by calculating the degree of alignment between stakeholders (
   central government , local government , sea_related producers , sea_related
   consumers , and coastal communities ) across 11 coastal provinces and cities
   in china , this study identified one or more types of multi_agent
   collaborative governance models , proving the feasibility of this approach .
   ( 4 ) while collaborative governance models led by five different entities
   have their unique advantages and disadvantages , further strengthening
   relationships and cooperation among these stakeholders is essential for
   advancing the maturity and effectiveness of the multi_agent governance model
   .
DE marine eco-economic system; multi-agent collaborative governance; sd (
   system dynamics ) simulation; governance effect; coastal provinces and
   cities in china
ID water resources; participation; management

---

UT 398
AR Liu HM, 2021, ENG CONSTR ARCHIT MA, V28, P681, DOI 10.1108/ECAM-01-2020-0077
TI A system dynamic approach for simulation of a knowledge transfer model of
   heterogeneous senders in mega project innovation
AU Liu HM; Yu YR; Sun YX; Yan X
TC 38
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2021
AB purpose the owners of mega projects typically assemble multiple academic
   research units and enterprises to form an innovation alliance , which
   carries out knowledge transfer and knowledge creation targeting technical
   challenges in the process of engineering construction . due to high
   technical and management complexity of mega projects , factors affecting
   knowledge transfer among innovation subjects are complex and diverse . this
   study proposes a mixed system dynamics ( sd ) method to build and simulate
   the process of knowledge transfer in mega projects innovation and analyzes
   the driving mechanism that enhances knowledge stock of enterprises and
   engineering innovation results . design / methodology / approach first ,
   this paper proposes a conceptual model for knowledge transfer in mega
   projects by adopting event analysis of the data gained from investigations
   and interviews . then , a qualitative model of knowledge transfer that
   considers mutual influences of the owner , academic research unit and
   enterprises is developed . based on that , mathematical relationship among
   variables of the qualitative model is determined and a quantitative model of
   knowledge transfer that considers heterogeneity of knowledge sender is built
   . finally , simulation is achieved using vensim software . findings the
   factors affecting knowledge stock of enterprises are analyzed from three
   aspects : ( 1 ) the individual motives and capability of academic research
   units and enterprises . ( 2 ) the gap between academic research units and
   enterprises . ( 3 ) the heterogeneity of academic research units . the
   results show that the willingness and capability of knowledge reception by
   enterprises , specific knowledge transfer context such as relational
   distance and organization distance between academic research units and
   enterprises and academic research units with high knowledge stock have key
   influences on the knowledge stock of enterprises . research limitations /
   implications factors affecting knowledge transfer within the alliance of
   innovation in mega projects and their correlations are highly complicated
   and difficult to determine . despite massive investigations and interviews
   on many long_span bridges in china in this study , it is barely possible to
   directly obtain accurate data for all variables in the model . limitations
   of historical data result in limitations on applications of the proposed
   model . practical implications by building the mega projects knowledge
   transfer model and conducting simulation analysis , this paper has generated
   practical values for the owners of mega projects on fostering , organizing ,
   coordinating and managing of innovations . especially , this study provides
   specific strategies and suggestions on selection of innovation subjects ,
   motivation and guaranteed efficiency of knowledge transfer and knowledge
   creation of academic research units and enterprises . originality / value
   this study proposes a conceptual model for factors affecting knowledge
   transfer that applies to innovations in mega project context , which fills
   the gap in the research of knowledge management in mega project innovations
   . additionally , combining with the method of sd , the unique role of owner
   in knowledge transfer of mega projects and the differences among various
   knowledge senders and their influences on knowledge stocks of enterprises
   are thoroughly considered , and the research method of modeling and
   simulation of knowledge transfer mechanism is supplemented and extended .
DE innovations in mega projects; knowledge transfers; influencing factors;
   partner heterogeneity; driving mechanism; system dynamics
ID management; technology; challenges

---

UT 399
AR Barati K, 2020, J AGRIC SCI TECHNOL, V22, P1397
TI Cropping Pattern Optimization Using System Dynamics Approach and Multi-
   Objective Mathematical Programming
AU Barati K; Koupai JA; Darvishi E; Azari A; Yousefi A
TC 10
SO J AGRIC SCI TECHNOL
PY 2020
AB to determine the optimum cropping pattern for kermanshah plain , iran , a
   dynamic model was developed in vensim pro x32 software to simulate the
   actual situation in the region . stochastic simulation of time series method
   was used to predict the values of climate parameters in the future . after
   ensuring the performance of the dynamic model as well as time series model ,
   optimization process of crop pattern was performed using the existing
   optimization tool in vensim pro x32 software in addition to multi objective
   mathematical programming approach by powell method in three different
   scenarios . the objective functions included maximizing the economic benefit
   for farmers and minimizing the extracted water from aquifer . the results
   showed that ratio of the gained benefit to the amount of water extracted
   from the wells in optimized conditions was always higher than the current
   conditions . the value of this ratio for the three scenarios was 1.23 , 0.89
   , and 0.94 , respectively , which in all three scenarios were higher than
   the current value ( 0.68 ) . the results showed that in the scenario in
   which changes in the crop coefficients of all crops are possible , in order
   to optimize the cropping pattern , the area allocated to wheat , barley ,
   grain and forage maize , tomato , clover , and onion should be decreased in
   the current cropping pattern . furthermore , the results of optimization
   indicated an increase in the area under cultivation of saffron , rose ,
   greenhouse , medicinal plants , and olive , compared to the current
   conditions .
DE objective functions; optimizer tool; powell method; vensim pro x32
ID water; allocation; model

---

UT 400
AR Agudelo RAM, 2023, ING COMPET, V25, DOI 10.25100/iyc.v25i3.12555
TI Dynamic analysis of employment resilience under a health emergency
   environment in a developing country
AU Agudelo RAM; Peña-Orozco DL/1; Paredes-Rodríguez AM/1; Feliú JG
TC 0
SO ING COMPET
PY 2023
AB simulation results on the employment resilience under a health emergency
   environment in colombia south america are presented . the system is
   characterized by identifying the different relevant variables which are
   reflected in the causal and forrester diagrams simulated through the vensim
   ple x64 program . results show a resilient in the employment variable
   behavior in terms of entrepreneurship and new companies generation , which
   reflects a potential economic development in the country under an
   uncertainty scenario . on the other hand , model accuracy is influenced by
   indicators changes along simulation time included in the analysis . finally
   , it is concluded that the employment behavior under the health emergency
   panorama is fluctuating but tends to increase in the last months in the time
   horizon simulation . however , it is highlighted that this situation can
   take another path if decision making is not adequate .
DE systems dynamics; resilience; employment; entrepreneurship generation;
   covid-19
ID covid-19

---

UT 401
AR Ataeipoor S, 2016, INT J ADV BIOTECHNOL RES, V7, P1718
TI Modeling Health Insurance Services by Suppliers
AU Ataeipoor S; Kabir MJ; Ghanbartehrani N; Izadbakhsh H
TC 0
SO INT J ADV BIOTECHNOL RES
PY 2016
AB developing effective strategies and policies for continuation of health
   insurance requires a proper and comprehensive understanding of health
   insurance system and related risks . the health system , including the most
   complex systems in terms of design and engineering . these complexity system
   , in diversity of services , customers and suppliers requires the
   application of system simulation and modeling in the macro scale . obviously
   , this system if the data are sufficient and has a confidence level of
   simulation accuracy is largely increased . this paper developed main loop
   causal diagrams of risks affecting health system infrastructures in vensim
   software using systemic approach and semi_structured interview with experts
   to provide an appropriate background to achieve a better understanding of
   factors influencing health promotion in developing countries , such as iran
   . then role and function of health insurances and management strategies of
   potential risks have been provided . using world health organization
   systemic framework consisting of six building blocks including service
   delivery , health workforces , health information , products , vaccines and
   medical technology , financing , leadership and governance , identified risk
   sources were classified in 16 groups and effective loops of service delivery
   block were described . diagrams developed in this paper can be a great help
   for researchers , managers , policy_makers and decision_makers to achieve a
   proper understanding and pathology in order to organize effective policies .
   the developed conceptual model can be used to create systemic quantitative
   models in this field .
DE system dynamics; risk; health insurance; causal loops

---

UT 402
AR Esmaeili E, 2019, INT J SYST ASSUR ENG, V10, P201, DOI
   10.1007/s13198-018-0754-5
TI Analyzing the productivity of maintenance systems using system dynamics
   modeling method
AU Esmaeili E; Karimian H; Bisheh MN
TC 8
SO INT J SYST ASSUR ENG MANAG
PY 2019
AB achievement of industries in production and offering products depends on
   different factors like having an appropriate maintenance system . this issue
   should be reached through the most appropriate and practical methods . in
   this study , based on how the external parameters would influence the
   productivity of a maintenance system the researcher aims at designing a
   dynamic system model to analyze the productivity of a maintenance system
   using acquired information from a car device company by determination of the
   percentage of parameters and indexes and their influence on maintenance
   system productivity . the proposed model is simulated for a system with
   parameters of precise value according to fixed and variable maintenance
   policies which the results are represented . the results of different
   policies described by using computerized simulation of the prepared model on
   vensim software . the time horizon of the systems can be considered from
   several years to several decades . this research considered 12weeks for
   analyzing the system . this time was specified by consultation with experts
   in the first session of modeling . in such environment a model of
   productivity evaluation and operation of maintenance seems required that in
   this research by analyzing influential factors on maintenance system
   productivity of a factory and by means of acquired samples , it was possible
   to measure the ratio of maintenance system operation condition according to
   the posed indexes and their influences on productivity operation . this
   situation shows that to the extent that positive indexes in the diagram are
   higher to the same extent maintenance system productivity of company
   increases .
DE dynamic modeling; maintenance system; productivity; rate and state variables
ID optimization

---

UT 403
AR Babolhakami A, 2023, AQUA, V72, P1115, DOI 10.2166/aqua.2023.193
TI Application of system dynamics model for reservoir performance under future
   climatic scenarios; Gelevard Dam, Iran
AU Babolhakami A; Sefidkouhi MAG; Emadi A
TC 4
SO AQUA
PY 2023
AB this study aimed to investigate the effects of climate change scenarios on
   five indicators : reliability , vulnerability , resilience , sustainability
   , and the deficiency of the gelevard dam ( gd ) in iran . downscaling was
   performed from 2020 to 2040 in the future using the output of the can
   ems2_gcm based on different climate scenarios and employing the support
   vector machines . the ihacres model was used to simulate the inflow of gd .
   the cultivation pattern optimization function was performed by utilizing the
   lingo software . similarly , the flow_storage model was created using vensim
   software . the results demonstrated the reduction of inflow by 15 , 36 , and
   37 % during rcp2.6 , rcp4.5 , and rcp8.5 scenarios , respectively . the
   results showed that if the optimal cultivation pattern ( ocp ) were to be
   applied , during different climatic scenarios , water supply would not be
   difficult in the next 11 , 5 , and 4 years , respectively , yet after that ,
   water shortage would gradually appear . the findings concluded that although
   the implementation of ocp would improve the five indicators in all water
   consumption sectors , the gd reservoir would not be able to answer the
   demands in the future . therefore , it would be necessary to implement
   practices to increase water productivity in all sectors .
DE ihacres; neka basin; optimization; vensim
ID water resources management

---

UT 404
AR Chen XY, 2025, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V32, P5099, DOI
   10.1108/ECAM-07-2023-0738
TI Improving collaborative innovation performance in megaprojects: a system
   dynamic approach
AU Chen XY; Zhu WA; Chen YJ; He QH
TC 7
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2025
AB purposethe development and evolution of stakeholder collaborative innovation
   in megaprojects is impacted by various influencing factors . the effect of
   influencing factors on collaborative innovation performance ( cip ) in
   megaprojects is not a simplistic linear relationship but an iterative and
   non_linear relationship that requires a dynamic perspective to analyze .
   therefore , this paper adopts the system dynamic ( sd ) approach to
   investigate the dynamic and interactive relationships between the cip and
   the influencing factors . design / methodology / approachthe study first
   develops a research framework with the system boundary of ' ' cip
   system_organizational collaboration subsystem_knowledge collaboration
   subsystem_strategic collaboration subsystem ' ' . then , the causal
   relationship model , the stock_flow model , and the mathematical equations
   were determined based on the literature review and the expert interviews .
   finally , five performance improvement scenarios were designed according to
   the practice context of cip in megaprojects , and simulations were performed
   using the vensim ple software to investigate the cip from a dynamic
   perspective . findingsthe findings reveal that the effect of different
   influencing factors on cip grows non_linearly , with the cumulative effect
   becoming more pronounced as time advances . the incentive mechanism has the
   most significant effect , and the combined effect of multiple influencing
   factors has a highly significant facilitating effect on improving cip .
   strategic collaboration , organizational collaboration and knowledge
   collaboration are mutually conditional and reinforcing with each other ,
   which ultimately promotes the improvement of cip . originality / valuethis
   study uncovers the inherent pattern and the interactive dynamic mechanism of
   factors for improving cip in the context of megaprojects . it enriches the
   theoretical research in the area of collaborative innovation in megaprojects
   and provides practical management strategies for improving cip .
DE collaborative innovation performance; megaproject; influencing factors;
   system dynamics
ID organizational innovation; construction; impact; motivations; complexity;
   projects

---

UT 405
AR Cho M, 2018, INT J GRID DISTRIB COMPUT, V11, P1, DOI
   10.14257/ijgdc.2018.11.4.01
TI Response Analysis Model of Social Networks using Fuzzy Sets and System
   Dynamics
AU Cho M
TC 0
SO INT J GRID DISTRIB COMPUT
PY 2018
AB research on social network is an important topic in social science . a
   social network is a realistic environment with both network and
   interconnection characteristics . this study presents a simulation model of
   how each node responds to specific inputs ( ex . incentives ) to the social
   networks . in addition , when the setting value of a specific node is
   changed while simulation is performed , the reaction of the related nodes
   can be checked in real time . the simulation model is made by considering
   various environments such as unidirectional , fuzzy set , weighting , and
   cyclic feedback , so this model can be applied in a complex environment of
   practical work . finally , since the simulation model needs to analyze the
   node response to repetitive input and the relation of each node , we
   implemented it using vensim rather than netlogo .
DE social science; system dynamic; social network; simulation; feedback

---

UT 406
AR Mishra MK, 2015, RENEW SUST ENERG REV, V51, P101, DOI
   10.1016/j.rser.2015.05.075
TI Small hydro power in India: Current status and future perspectives
AU Mishra MK; Khare N; Agrawal AB
TC 45
SO RENEW SUST ENERG REV
PY 2015
AB the objective of this study is to comprehensively review the current status
   of small hydro power development in india and develop scenarios of growth .
   potential and installed capacity , technological status , policy and
   regulatory support to small hydro power and the whole process of developing
   a small hydro power plant have been comprehensively reviewed . major
   barriers in the growth of the small hydro power development have been
   identified . in india , plants with an installed capacity of up to 25 mw are
   considered as small hydro power plants , and ministry of new and renewable
   energy of government of india has been vested with the responsibility of
   developing this sector . considerable growth in the development of small
   hydro power has been witnessed in the recent past . however , nearly
   three_quarters of the total identified potential of 20,000 mw is yet to be
   tapped . the country aims at harnessing at least half of the potential in
   the next 10 years . future growth scenarios of small hydro power up to 2050
   have been developed using vensim dss package . model simulation indicates
   that with the current rate of capacity addition , the country will not be
   able to fully exploit small hydro power potential even by 2050 . hence , the
   country must make all attempts to accelerate the growth of the small hydro
   power because it has significant potential to contribute to energy poverty
   alleviation in rural and remotes areas . a sensitivity analysis has been
   carried out to investigate the effect of different parameters on the cost of
   small hydro power generation . ( c ) 2015 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved
   .
DE small hydro power; renewable energy; electricity; india; system dynamics
ID renewable energy; sustainable energy; remote areas; technology; turbines;
   projects; policies; systems

---

UT 407
AR Kamath V, 2019, COGENT ECON FINANC, V7, DOI 10.1080/23322039.2019.1622172
TI A Participatory Systems Mapping (PSM) based approach towards analysis of
   business sustainability of rural Indian milk dairies
AU Kamath V; Biju S; Kamath GB
TC 2
SO COGENT ECON FINANC
PY 2019
AB drawing from the theories of participatory systems mapping ( psm ) this
   study presents an approach to analyzing the business sustainability of
   entrepreneurial dairy ventures in india . the article begins with a general
   introduction to the small and medium scale dairy ventures in rural india ,
   highlighting the prominent issues and challenges faced by the stakeholders .
   the second part demonstrates the use of the psm framework in developing the
   stock and flow diagram ( sfd ) . further , data from a local milk dairy is
   collected , and simulations are carried out between 2017_2025 using vensim (
   r ) . the outputs are analyzed , and inferences are made . this study is
   expected to enable the policy makers toward the development of sustainable
   strategies for dairy businesses in general and enable the entrepreneur to
   analyze the future trends of the potential strategies under his
   consideration .
DE participatory systems mapping; entrepreneurship; milk dairy; system
   dynamics; simulations
ID dynamics

---

UT 408
AR Sirajuddin S, 2025, INDONES J SUSTAIN ACC MANAG, V9, P270, DOI
   10.20448/ijsam.v9i1.7273
TI Integrated Circular Farming and Supply Chain for Rural Economic Community
   Resilience
AU Sirajuddin S; Sutisna T; Hilal S; Ridwan A; Nasifah A
TC 0
SO INDONES J SUSTAIN ACC MANAG
PY 2025
AB establishing a sustainable economy to ensure food security in rural
   communities presents a significant challenge amid global economic
   instability and the threat of a food crisis . integrated supply chains and
   circular economy models have emerged as strategies to enhance economic
   resilience . however , their application in rural agricultural communities
   is still limited . this study addresses this gap by developing an integrated
   supply chain and circular economy principles to strengthen the economic
   resilience of rural communities . using a system thinking approach and
   powersim software , the study simulates and quantifies the model ' s impact
   . simulation results show that 1 hectare can produce 45,300 kg of sorghum
   per harvest , or 122,310 kg / year . this output can produce 13,590 kg of
   sorghum grain , 110,079 kg of silage , 44,032 kg of manure , and 30,822 kg
   of organic fertilizer . the integrated system generates gross annual
   revenues of $ 38,240 and incurs $ 26,243 in operating costs , resulting in a
   yearly net profit of $ 11,996 . financial analysis reveals a net present
   value ( npv ) of $ 124 in the third year , a 10 % internal rate of return (
   irr ) , and a payback period ( pbp ) of 2.48 years . these findings
   highlight the potential of integrated agricultural systems in promoting
   rural economic resilience and sustainable farming practices .
DE sustainable agriculture; system dynamics; circular supply chain; rural
   economic
ID performance

---

UT 409
AR Nikabadi MS, 2018, INT J SYST DYN APPL, V7, P55, DOI
   10.4018/IJSDA.2018040104
TI E-Waste Recycling System in Closed Loop Supply Chain
AU Nikabadi MS; Hajihoseinali A
TC 4
SO INT J SYST DYN APPL
PY 2018
AB this article describes how technology growth and the lifecycle of devices
   and also other tendencies for buying new devices all because a huge mass of
   electronic waste . due to materials used in production which are dangerous
   or valuable metals , the environmental aspects and natural resources make
   electronic waste management and electronic waste recycling a pressing
   subject . this article studies electronic waste recycling and its importance
   in research of closed loop supply chain management and the impact of
   electronic waste recycling . using structural equation modeling to study the
   factors , data was collected from 120 expert questionnaires and analyzed by
   spss and smartpls . causal relationships among the studied factors and
   efficacy coefficients of each factor were identified by the fuzzy dematel
   technique . finally , the dynamic model was plotted by vensim .
DE closed-loop supply chain; e-waste; recycling; system dynamics
ID reverse logistics; electronic equipment; informal sector; mobile phones;
   dynamics; management; quality; metals; infrastructure; technology

---

UT 410
AR Jurjevic M, 2010, NASE, V57, P121
TI An Approach to the Analysis of Dynamic Characteristics of Marine Diesel
   Engine Cooling System
AU Jurjevic M; Jurjevic N; Milic-Beran I
TC 0
SO NASE
PY 2010
AB the modern approach of the exploration of dynamic characteristic of elements
   or system of some device has been enabled by system dynamics . system
   dynamics is an excellent software system for studying the dynamic of the
   behavior of natural , technical and societal realities i . e . system of
   various natures and features in which there exist relatively high analogy
   rate . the methodology of its work , including even the use of digital
   computers has shown to be an efficient mean for solving the problems :
   management , behavior , sensitivity , flexibility and studying of dynamics
   of the behavior of the systems of high complexity by computer simulation ,
   in laboratory what means without danger for the realities observed . for the
   usage of system dynamics in the solution of complex problems , various
   complex knowledge from various scientific disciplines are required , but
   good knowledge of the nature of the problem itself , which is being analyzed
   . the paper has analyzed dynamic characteristic of cooling system in marine
   diesel engines by means of system dynamics . the cooling system of
   propulsion of mde is a complex system onto which various disorders act and
   due to their changeable act result into the changes of working temperature
   of mde . system dynamic approach in the analysis of mde enable us to obtain
   the answer to the question ' ' what if ... ' ' in other words we arrive at
   the solution what the reaction would be at the changes of any variable in
   the cooling system . the paper has shown : dynamic and static regime of work
   , mathematic model of the cooling system of mde , simulation model in
   powersim program language and diagrams of the flows of water .
DE simulation; diesel engine propulsion; cooling system

---

UT 411
AR Ríos-Ocampo J, 2022, SYST DYN REV, V38, P354, DOI 10.1002/sdr.1718
TI Using analytical equations to represent nonlinear relationships1
AU Ríos-Ocampo J; Gary MS
TC 3
SO SYST DYN REV
PY 2022
AB table functions , also referred to as graphical functions , provide a
   powerful and user_friendly way to represent nonlinear relationships between
   variables in system dynamics ( sd ) models . however , in many cases
   modelers may benefit from using analytical equations to represent nonlinear
   relationships for model sensitivity testing and also for communicating with
   researchers in other fields and disciplines . we propose six analytical
   equations that can be used to represent many of the nonlinear relationships
   commonly formulated using table functions in sd models . specifically , this
   article provides guidance on using the generalized logistic function , the
   exponential function , the modified exponential function , the quadratic
   function , the logarithmic function and the power function to replace
   existing table functions . importantly , we also present a version of each
   equation that includes an interior reference point . we demonstrate how to
   apply these analytical equations in sd models by replacing the table
   functions in the original world dynamics model . we also provide a python
   script to help implement our recommended procedure for incorporating the six
   analytical equations into models and a vensim macro for each analytical
   equation . ( c ) 2022 the authors . system dynamics review published by john
   wiley and sons ltd on behalf of system dynamics society .

---

UT 412
AR Parsons D, 2017, COGENT FOOD AGR, V3, DOI 10.1080/23311932.2017.1313360
TI Assessing policy options for agricultural livestock development: A case
   study of Mexico's sheep sector
AU Parsons D; Nicholson CF
TC 14
SO COGENT FOOD AGR
PY 2017
AB the demand for sheep meat in the populous central region around mexico city
   has grown rapidly in recent years . to assess the impacts of potential ' '
   regional development ' ' policy options , a dynamic model of mexico ' s
   sheep sector with regional and producer group disaggregation is developed
   that incorporates interactions between herd dynamics , feed dynamics ,
   market inventories of sheep meat and prices for sheep meat and animals . the
   model is used to assess the outcomes for commercial and tras patio (
   backyard , small_scale ) mexican sheep producers and sheep meat consumers of
   three growth assumptions and two intervention alternatives : a variable cost
   subsidy or the implementation of a stylized health intervention . model
   simulations indicate that the dynamics of growth dominate the policy
   responses . the principal beneficiaries of producer subsidy and animal
   health interventions are mexican sheep meat consumers . commercial sheep
   producers will experience increases in cumulative net margin , but tras
   patio producers will be made worse off than they would have been in the
   absence of interventions . the mexican sheep system thus exhibits two
   characteristics of dynamically complex systems : unintended consequences and
   policy resistance , with broader implications for interventions in
   agriculture_based livelihood systems .
DE complex systems; livestock; simulation modeling; smallholder farmers; system
   dynamics; vensim

---

UT 413
AR Yuan RJ, 2022, ENVIRON SCI POLLUT R, V29, P12589, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-14370-y
TI A system dynamic model for simulating the potential of prefabrication on
   construction waste reduction
AU Yuan RJ; Guo F; Qian YM; Cheng BQ; Li JC; Tang XY; Peng XJ
TC 38
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB prefabrication is a promising method for minimizing construction waste since
   it is conducted in a controlled environment . this paper develops a
   simulation model for quantitatively evaluating the potential of
   prefabrication on construction waste reduction by considering interaction
   behaviors among factors influencing the application of prefabrication and
   construction waste reduction during the design stage . the theory of planned
   behavior is applied to determine the system boundary , and a system dynamic
   model is applied for establishing the simulation model . a case project in
   anhui , china , is selected for demonstrating the established model .
   results show that the ( 1 ) application of prefabrication method contributes
   to construction waste reduction by reducing material wastes and reworking
   due to design changes . ( 2 ) impacts of prefabrication method on concrete
   waste reduction is the most significant . ( 3 ) increasing investment on
   designers ' professional training and strengthening policies is two
   efficient strategies to make full use of the potential of the prefabrication
   method on construction waste reduction during the design stage . the
   developed model can offer designers as well as policymakers with references
   for applying prefabrication method for construction waste reduction by
   comparing outcomes under various scenarios with different strategies and
   policies ahead of implementation .
DE prefabrication; construction waste reduction; system dynamics; vensim;
   simulation; circular; economy
ID management; promotion; design

---

UT 414
AR Dundovic C, 2009, PROMET, V21, P331
TI CONTRIBUTION TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF A SIMULATION MODEL FOR A SEAPORT IN
   SPECIFIC OPERATING CONDITIONS
AU Dundovic C; Bilic M; Dvornik J
TC 5
SO PROMET
PY 2009
AB the purpose of this paper is to show the efficiency of application of system
   dynamic simulation modeling when researching the behavior dynamics of the
   port transhipment process , and finding the optimal solution for cargo
   handling with regard to the type and scope of cargo traffic , directions of
   movement , and pace of receiving and shipping of cargo . in view of the
   potential scientific implementation and verification of the hypotheses about
   the usage of system dynamic simulation models , the goals are
   multi_dimensional as they include designing qualitative and quantitative
   simulation models for a non_linear system , verification of the validity of
   the behavior dynamics of the model , application of the simulation models ,
   application of the parameter optimization of the simulated process , and
   scientific verification of the results obtained through the simulation of
   the model . in compliance with the developed system_dynamic , mental_verbal
   and structural model , using the powersim studio system_dynamic flowchart of
   the port cargo system , in powersim studio simulation language , it is
   possible to conduct a scientific research of the dynamics of the continuous
   behavior of the observed port cargo system in an experimental way , i . e .
   by using computers , simulating various scenarios of likely occurrences in
   the real world , without jeopardizing it .
DE system dynamics; modeling; transhipment process; optimization; continued and
   discrete simulation

---

UT 415
AR Abraham M, 2022, AQUA, V71, P975, DOI 10.2166/aqua.2022.038
TI Simulation of chain of tanks to augment water supply: a case study from
   Tamil Nadu
AU Abraham M; Venugopal K; Arunkumar R; Pramada SK
TC 2
SO AQUA
PY 2022
AB the application of system dynamics techniques is gaining significance and is
   much needed for an effective management of the depleting water resources in
   a dynamically complex region and considers it as the feedback from the
   system . the present study deals with the application of a system dynamic
   approach to simulate a chain of four tanks in the guduvanchery watershed ,
   tamil nadu , india . standard data_driven models can not be effectively used
   due to a lack of quality data for ungauged basins . vensim was used for the
   system dynamic simulation to assess water availability for the sustainable
   management of water resources . inflow into the four tanks , net losses in
   each tank , and crop water requirement were given as inputs into vensim .
   along with different models , an extensive field survey was carried out to
   quantify each input component . based on system dynamics simulation , only
   28 % of the total available water is used for irrigation and the rest is
   wasted due to evaporation , transition loss , and spill from the tanks . it
   was found that there was approximately 5.46 mcm of surface water available
   in the watershed , and it will be able to supply the domestic demand of the
   watershed of 0.672 mcm in addition to the irrigation requirement .
DE chain of tanks; hydrological modeling; nrcs model; runoff; simulation;
   vensim
ID scs-cn method; curve number; runoff

---

UT 416
AR Tireli E, 2006, POMOR, V20, P113
TI A CONTRIBUTION TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE MARINE STEAM TURBINE IN LOAD
   CONDITIONS
AU Tireli E; Dvornik J
TC 0
SO POMOR
PY 2006
AB the aim of this paper is to present the successful application of the system
   dynamics simulation modeling in the research carried on the performance
   dynamics of the marine steam turbine in load conditions , and in this very
   example at load of a marine synchronous generator . the marine steam turbine
   at load of a synchronous generator is a complex non_linear system , which
   needs to be systematically researched into as a unit consisting of a number
   of subsystems and elements , which are linked by because_effect ( ce )
   feedback loops ( fbl ) , both within the propulsion system and with the
   relevant environment . the authors of this paper aim at presenting the
   efficient application of the scientific methods used in the research of the
   complex dynamic systems called system dynamics qualitative and quantitative
   simulation methodology , which will make the production and use of a larger
   number and a variety of simulation models of the observed elements possible
   , thus enabling the continuous computer simulation , which will
   significantly contribute to the acquisition of new information about the
   non_linear character of the turbine and generator system performance
   dynamics in the designing and education process . the marine steam turbine
   will be presented by a set ofnon_linear differential equations , after which
   mental and verbal structural models and flowcharts in the system dynamics
   symbols [ 1 and 2 ] will be worked out , and the performance dynamics in
   load conditions will be simulated in the powersim simulation language [ 5 ]
   .
DE steam turbine; synchronous generator; simulation modeling; simulation and
   heuristic optimization

---

UT 417
AR Rizzetti TA, 2016, SIST GEST, V11, P112, DOI
   10.20985/1980-5160.2016.v11n1.1010
TI USE SYSTEMS DYNAMICS TO EVALUATE SCENARIOS OF REUSING COOKING OIL IN
   BIODIESEL PRODUCTION IN A PUBLIC IES
AU Rizzetti TA; Rodrigues GO; Simonetto ED; Gil RC
TC 0
SO SIST GEST
PY 2016
AB the article presents the modeling and development of a simulation model to
   assess the production of biodiesel from the reuse of cooking oil used in
   university restaurants ( you are ) of a higher education institution ( hei )
   . for the construction of the model ( definition of variables and their
   interrelationships ) used by theoretical basis the bibliographic research
   and observations of the process of generation of the waste cooking oil
   economics . among the issues analyzed is the reduction of environmental
   impact , due to the reduction of inappropriate disposal of cooking oil , and
   reducing the generation of co2 caused by the use of biodiesel . to evaluate
   the possibilities of generation and reuse of the uk oil in biodiesel
   production , were generated two scenarios : a scenario based on current
   situation of waste generation and another , named future scenario with best
   practices of reuse and recycling of these . the results obtained by the
   simulation shows that , in addition to the large reduction of the
   environmental impact , the recycling process brings significant economic
   gain as a function of cost savings with the purchase of fuel . the simulated
   time horizon was 10 years and vensim software was used for the development
   of the simulation .
DE cooking oil; recycling; reuse; biodiesel; simulation

---

UT 418
AR Hajbabaie M, 2023, ENV MONIT ASSESS, V195, DOI 10.1007/s10661-023-11054-7
TI Model of ecological resilience in Hyrcanian forests that combines the
   decision-making trial and evaluation method (DEMATEL) and system dynamics
AU Hajbabaie M; Jozi SA; Farsad F; Kiadaliri H; Gharagozlou A
TC 7
SO ENV MONIT ASSESS
PY 2023
AB the present study assessed the resilience model of hyrcanian forests with
   navroud_asalem watershed as a case study . the navroud_assalem watershed was
   selected for study because of its special environmental characteristics and
   access to relatively acceptable information . in order to model resilience ,
   the appropriate indices influencing resilience in hyrcanian forests were
   identified and selected . the criteria of biological diversity and forest
   health and vitality were selected along with the indices of species
   diversity , forest_type diversity , mixed stands , and the infected area
   percentage forests with disturbance factors . thirteen sub_indices and 33
   variables were determined and the relationship between the indices and
   criteria was identified by developing a questionnaire using the
   decision_making trial and evaluation laboratory ( dematel ) method . the
   weights of each index were estimated in vensim software using the fuzzy
   analytic hierarchy process . collecting and analyzing the regional
   information , the conceptual model was developed and formulated
   quantitatively and mathematically and was entered into vensim for resilience
   modeling of the selected parcels . the dematel method indicated that the
   species diversity indices and the percentage of affected forests had the
   greatest influence and interaction with other factors in the system . the
   parcels studied had different slopes and were affected by the input
   variables . they were considered as resilient if they were found to maintain
   current conditions . avoidance of exploitation , infestation by pests ,
   severe fires in the region , and increased livestock grazing compared to the
   existing situation were among the prerequisites for resilience in the region
   . vensim modeling represents that in control parcel no . 232 the
   nondimensional resilience parameter is 3025 ( the most resilient parcel ) ,
   while in the disturbed parcel no . 278 this amount is 1775 ( the least
   resilient parcel ) .
DE modeling; resilience; dynamic system; f-ahp; vensim; iran
ID species richness; climate-change; vegetation; disturbance; indicators;
   management; diversity; roots; world

---

UT 419
AR He QY, 2023, ENV SCI, V11, DOI 10.3389/fenvs.2023.1149661
TI Study on micro-mechanism of the affordable housing community in urban
   renewal the case of Zunyi city, Guizhou province
AU He QY; Yang JZ; Gong L
TC 1
SO ENV SCI
PY 2023
AB introduction : affordable housing in china refers to housing with social
   security for low and middle income people under the unified planning and
   coordination of the government . in the process of urbanization , the
   construction of affordable housing and commercial housing should be
   developed in parallel , but under the role of the real estate market economy
   , the development of the two is unbalanced , resulting in a disparity in
   quantity , a large gap in quality , unreasonable management , and even
   residential segregation . the construction and development of china ' s
   affordable housing community is a huge and complex systemic project . this
   study focuses on a series of problems in the relationship between supply and
   demand of affordable housing based only on the development context of urban
   renewal at this stage . methods : based on existing literature and official
   data , combined with field visits and research , this study uses vensim ple
   software to build a system model for converting various types of stock into
   affordable housing , and to investigate the effect of various policies on
   solving the problem of supply and demand of affordable housing . results :
   the research results show that 1 ) the policies stimulate the increase of
   urban population and help promote the supply cycle of affordable housing . 2
   ) under the stimulation of the supply policy of converting stock housing
   into affordable housing , social investment will improve by 33 % _64 % and
   the gap of affordable housing will decrease by 29 % _58 % . 3 ) under the
   stimulation of the policy of optimizing the management of affordable housing
   , the coverage rate of affordable population will improve by 3 % _5 % and
   the middle and low income households ' per capita housing floor area will
   increase by 9 % _18 % l . 4 ) under the comprehensive influence of the
   combined policies , the urban population will grow healthily , the per
   capita income and per capita housing floor area of low_and middle_income
   people will be improved , the stock of housing will be reduced , the number
   of affordable housing will increase , the affordable housing gap will be
   reduced , and the affordable housing community will be developed sustainably
   and healthily . meaning : the research results and recommendations will
   provide references for the government and competent authorities to enact or
   update the policies on affordable housing .
DE urban renewal; affordable housing community; micro-mechanism; system
   dynamics; sustainable development
ID market

---

UT 420
AR Wu YZ, 2011, CITIES, V28, P147, DOI 10.1016/j.cities.2010.11.002
TI The impact of urbanization policy on land use change: A scenario analysis
AU Wu YZ; Zhang XL; Shen LY
TC 129
SO CITIES
PY 2011
AB the rapid urbanization has led to extensive land use change particularly in
   those developing countries . in line with the development of urbanization ,
   arable land is decreasing dramatically , which presents the threat to the
   food security for human being . it is therefore essential to understand the
   level of impacts of urbanization on the land use change . this paper
   introduces a dynamic systems based method for assessing the impacts of
   urbanization policy on land use change with reference to the urbanization
   practice in china . four typical policy scenarios are identified in
   implementing urbanization in china , including balanced development driven
   by planning , uneven development driven by planning , balanced development
   driven by market and uneven development driven by market and their impacts
   on land use change are analyzed through a dynamic system model . land use
   change is considered as a dynamic system model composing five subsystems :
   urbanization , social , economic , environmental and land use subsystems .
   the key attributes in these five subsystems are interactive and they are
   dynamic variables . the assessment on the impacts of urbanization policy to
   land use change is demonstrated through employing the software ithink to the
   land use change dynamic model , using the data collected from the jinyun
   county in china . the findings suggest that the urban construction land will
   continue to increase in the foreseeable future in china , while the
   agricultural land will gradually decrease . nevertheless , different policy
   scenarios will have different impacts on these land changes . thus decision
   makers can adopt different policies to control the rate of land use change .
   ( c ) 2010 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE land-use change; modeling; regional planning; system dynamics ( sd );
   urbanization policy
ID cellular-automata; urban; china; transformation; patterns; region; shanghai;
   market; system

---

UT 421
AR Sokolovska ZM, 2008, ACTUAL PROBL ECON, P238
TI Insurance companies' financial flows modeling
AU Sokolovska ZM; Klepikova OA
TC 0
SO ACTUAL PROBL ECON
PY 2008
AB the article carries out the insurance companies ' financial flows modeling .
   simulation models are built by means of the system dynamics method .
   simulation experiments are realized by . means of ithink . analysis of the
   achieved results is carried out on certain parts of the model complex work .
DE financial flow; insurance premium; insurance reserve ( fund ); insurance
   payments; simulation model; flow diagram

---

UT 422
AR Vanclay JK, 2006, ECOL MANAG, V233, P295, DOI 10.1016/j.foreco.2006.05.020
TI Spatially-explicit competition indices and the analysis of mixed-species
   plantings with the Simile modelling environment
AU Vanclay JK
TC 30
SO ECOL MANAG
PY 2006
AB individual_based modeling and analysis of forest experiments has been made
   more accessible to researchers with the advent of modeling environments like
   simile from www . simulistics . com . 1ndividual_based analyzes of tree
   growth data offer insights not possible with plot_based analyzes ,
   especially when the original experimental design has been compromised by
   mortality or other unforeseen events . the paper illustrates how simile can
   be used for individual_based analyzes of mixed plantings , and how it can be
   used to explore the consequences of the resulting statistical models . a
   mixed_species planting of eucalyptus pellita and acacia peregrina is used to
   illustrate possibilities . ( c ) 2006 elsevier b.v . all rights reserved .
DE simile; vensim; powersim; stella; systems dynamics; individual-based
   modeling; distance-dependent competition index; mixed-species; eucaliptus;
   acacia

---

UT 423
AR Parsons D, 2011, AGR SYST, V104, P1, DOI 10.1016/j.agsy.2010.07.006
TI Development and evaluation of an integrated simulation model for assessing
   smallholder crop-livestock production in Yucatan, Mexico
AU Parsons D; Nicholson CF; Blake RW; Ketterings QM; Ramírez-Aviles L; Fox DG;
   Tedeschi LO; Cherney JH
TC 39
SO AGRIC SYST
PY 2011
AB mixed farming systems constitute a large proportion of agricultural
   production in the tropics , and provide multiple benefits for the world ' s
   poor . however , our understanding of the functioning of these systems is
   limited . modeling offers the best approach to quantify outcomes from many
   interacting causal variables in these systems . the objective of this study
   was to develop an integrated crop_livestock model to assess biophysical and
   economic consequences of farming practices exhibited in sheep systems of
   yucatan state , mexico . a vensim ( tm ) dynamic stock_flow feedback model
   was developed to integrate scientific and practical knowledge of management
   , flock dynamics , sheep production , partitioning of nutrients , labor ,
   and economic components . the model accesses sheep production and manure
   quantity and quality data generated using the small ruminant nutrition
   system ( srns ) , and interfaces on a daily basis with an agricultural
   production systems simulator ( apsim ) model that simulates weather , crop ,
   and soil dynamics . model evaluation indicated that the integrated model
   adequately represents the complex interactions that occur between farmers ,
   crops , and livestock . ( c ) 2010 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE crop-livestock interactions; crop-livestock systems; milpa; sheep; shifting
   cultivation; system dynamics
ID soil fertility management; farming systems; agricultural systems; panicum-
   maximum; efficiencies; framework; resource; impact; manure; tools

---

UT 424
AR Jurjevic M, 2026, APPL SCI-BASEL, V16, DOI 10.3390/app16052538
TI Integrated Approach to Modelling the Reliability of Gears in Ship Propulsion
   Systems
AU Jurjevic M; Hasanspahic N; Biocic T
TC 0
SO APPL SCI-BASEL
PY 2026
AB the operational reliability of gears in ship propulsion systems is an
   important factor affecting safety , efficiency , and cost_effectiveness in
   ship operation . gear failures may result in loss of propulsion , increased
   maintenance costs , and risks to crew safety . this paper presents an
   integrated methodological framework for assessing gear reliability in ship
   propulsion systems by integrating qualitative causal analysis , quantitative
   reliability growth modeling , and system dynamics simulation . the analysis
   is based on empirical data collected from the amos computerized maintenance
   management system for ship propulsion gear over the course of 20,000
   operating hours . the ishikawa diagram is applied as a qualitative tool to
   structure potential failure causes related to human , technical , material ,
   procedural , measurement , and environmental factors . using a system
   dynamics approach , a qualitative conceptual model of because_and_effect
   relationships and a quantitative simulation model were developed , where the
   mathematical model of goel_okumoto reliability growth was applied to
   quantitatively describe the process of detecting and eliminating failures ,
   with an exponential decrease in failure intensity over time and a high level
   of agreement with empirical data ( r2 = 0.9962 ) , corresponding to the part
   of the bathtub curve related to the running_in of ship systems . the system
   dynamics simulation implemented in the powersim environment integrates the
   analytically estimated model parameters and provides a dynamic
   representation of the relationships between failure intensity , cumulative
   failures , reliability , and the mean time between failures . the scientific
   contribution of this work lies in the structured integration of established
   methods into a single analytical framework , enabling coherent
   interpretation of empirical reliability data under real operating conditions
   . the results provide a methodological basis for developing predictive
   maintenance tools , optimizing maintenance strategies , and improving the
   safety of ship propulsion systems .
DE reliability; goel-okumoto model; modeling; maintenance; maritime propulsion
   systems; predictive maintenance; maritime safety
ID failure analysis; performance; fatigue

---

UT 425
AR Zhang L, 2020, SUSTAIN, V12, DOI 10.3390/su12010341
TI Second Use Value of China's New Energy Vehicle Battery: A View Based on
   Multi-Scenario Simulation
AU Zhang L; Liu YQ; Pang BB; Sun BX; Kokko A
TC 28
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2020
AB nowadays , many countries are actively seeking ways to solve the energy
   crisis and environmental pollution . new energy vehicle ( nev ) has become
   an important way to solve these problems . with the rapid development of nev
   , its batteries need to be replaced with new batteries after 5_8 years .
   therefore , whether the second use of nev ' s battery has commercial or
   social value becomes a research hotspot . the innovation of this paper is to
   use the cost_benefit method to determine the value influencing factors of
   nev ' s battery second use , and use system dynamics to perform scenario
   simulation analysis . the methods used in this paper are the cost_benefit
   method and system dynamics method . firstly , this paper systematically
   analyzes the cost and benefit factors that affect the second use value of
   china ' s nev batteries and uses system dynamics to establish the
   relationship and value model among various factors . then , this paper
   compares the value of battery energy storage between old batteries and new
   batteries . according to the cost_income factor analysis , this paper
   eventually selects specific factors and uses vensim software to carry out
   the multi_scenario simulation . the results show that nev ' s battery second
   use has commercial and social value compared to new battery energy storage .
   moreover , battery cost , government subsidies , and electricity prices are
   three important factors that affect the second use value of china ' s nev
   battery . changing the government ' s cash subsidy methods , such as
   providing free batteries or combining new energy to reduce on_grid tariffs ,
   will help increase the second use value of the nev battery . in the future ,
   the second use value of china ' s nev battery industry will be more
   significant , with the update of the technology , the surge in the number of
   nev ' s used batteries , and government support .
DE battery; second use; energy storage; value; scenario simulation
ID storage systems; electric vehicles; technoeconomic analysis; economic-
   analysis; renewable energy; life batteries; power plants; hybrid; policy;
   feasibility

---

UT 426
AR Chandiran P, 2023, TRANSP POLIC, V130, P116, DOI
   10.1016/j.tranpol.2022.10.002
TI Can driver supply disruption alleviate driver shortages?  A systems approach
AU Chandiran P; Ramasubramaniam M; Venkatesh VG; Mani V; Shi YY
TC 4
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2023
AB the driver shortage is a perennial problem in the trucking industry . the
   review of literature reveals currently there is a lack of holistic approach
   to address driver shortage problem . this paper presents a systems approach
   to understand the factors influencing the issue of truck driver shortages in
   an emerging economy context and their evolution over time . for this study ,
   we define truck driver shortage as : ' ' the shortfall in the market when
   the quantity of truck drivers supplied is below the number of truck drivers
   demanded ' ' . a system dynamic model has been developed to study a
   representative truck segment unit . the model is validated and simulated for
   ten years . the findings from the proposed model indicate that the current
   system and other environmental factors do not support the truck driver
   supply increase , drivers and shortages are likely to become acute in the
   coming years . the study proposes appropriate intervention for the
   government , and other stakeholders must design proper steps to fill the gap
   beyond a specific timeframe . the study contributes to the existing
   literature as a pioneering work on driver shortages in the emerging economy
   context . also , the study is one of its kind in using a holistic ,
   quantitative approach to modeling the driver shortage phenomenon . in the
   process , the study elicits complex relationships that prevail among the
   factors included in the study .
DE system dynamics; labor welfare; simulation; driver shortage; truck driver;
   vensim; supply disruption
ID truck drivers; logistics; dynamics; impact; work; professionals;
   requirements; recruitment; strategies; model

---

UT 427
AR Huntsinger GC, 2012, INTERFACES, V42, P395, DOI 10.1287/inte.1110.0605
TI The US Army Projects the Effect of Merit Pay on Payroll Growth
AU Huntsinger GC; Burk RC; Trainor TE
TC 0
SO INTERFACES
PY 2012
AB the national security personnel system ( nsps ) was designed to provide
   greater opportunity for merit_based pay raises than the preexisting civil
   service system . however , a us army organization was concerned that over
   time the accumulation of merit raises would make the total payroll
   unaffordable . we were asked to investigate the conditions under which this
   situation would be likely to happen . we used the vensim ( r ) modeling
   software to produce a model of the influences and events that would cause
   payroll to rise or fall from year to year . our analysis showed that the
   merit pay policies in place at the start of our study were very likely to
   lead to undesirable growth in total pay and a concentration of all employees
   near the maximum allowed salary , defeating the purpose of nsps_to reward
   better service with more pay . the most important factors were the fraction
   of merit pay that was given as merit raises ( as opposed to bonuses ) and
   the salaries of people newly hired to replace those who left the
   organization . we showed how departing senior employees should be replaced
   with less_senior ones to avoid long_term payroll growth . we used the model
   to find the combinations of merit pay and new_hire policies that would
   balance the effect of these two major influences and produce little or no
   long_term payroll growth . we also showed that some other influences that
   had concerned the client were actually of small effect compared to the
   stochastic uncertainty in payroll growth . another influence , attrition ,
   produced a more substantial effect . the interactive nature of the model
   allowed real_time exploration of alternatives with the client and helped
   build confidence in the robustness of the results . these results highlight
   potential problem areas needing careful analysis in implementing similar
   merit pay systems .
DE government defense; organizational studies; manpower planning;
   motivation/incentives; probability; markov processes; simulation; systems
   dynamics
ID manpower

---

UT 428
AR Dale M, 2012, ECOL ECON, V73, P152, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2011.10.014
TI Global energy modelling - A biophysical approach (GEMBA) part 1: An overview
   of biophysical economics
AU Dale M; Krumdieck S; Bodger P
TC 23
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2012
AB economists , investors and policy makers need to understand energy systems
   and the potential for investment in both alternative energy supply and
   demand side technologies . biophysical economics has contributed to
   conventional economics by incorporating thermodynamic and ecological
   principles and emphasizing the importance of natural resources to economic
   processes . this paper is presented in two parts . part 1 gives a historic
   review of biophysical economics and discusses some previous models of the
   energy_economy system built around the principles of biophysical economics .
   part 2 presents the gemba model_a new modeling methodology in the
   biophysical economics tradition . the methodology proposes a new and
   important contribution to the field of biophysical economics . a lifetime
   evolving function for the dynamics of the energy return on investment ( eroi
   ) . the dynamic eroi function was incorporated into the gemba model and
   implemented in vensim . the model is calibrated using historical energy
   production data , i . e . trained to historical data . the trained model is
   run to 2100 under a variety of assumptions regarding availability of energy
   resources and corresponding eroi ' s . the main finding of the model is that
   growth of the renewable energy sector may impact investment in other areas
   of the economy and thereby stymie economic growth . ( c ) 2011 elsevier b.v
   . all rights reserved .
DE physical resource modeling; net energy analysis ( nea ); systems dynamics (
   sd ); resource quality embodied energy
ID world; oil; thermodynamics; peak

---

UT 429
AR Dale M, 2012, ECOL ECON, V73, P158, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2011.10.028
TI Global energy modelling - A biophysical approach (GEMBA) Part 2: Methodology
AU Dale M; Krumdieck S; Bodger P
TC 50
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2012
AB economists , investors and policy makers need to understand the changing
   climate of energy systems and the potential for investment in both
   alternative energy supply and demand side efficiency and management
   technologies . biophysical economics has contributed to conventional
   economics by incorporating thermodynamic and ecological principles and
   emphasizing the importance of natural resources to the economic process .
   this paper is presented in two parts . part 1 gives a historic review of
   biophysical economics and discusses some previous models of the
   energy_economy system built around the principles of biophysical economics .
   part 2 presents the gemba model a_new modeling methodology in the
   biophysical economics tradition . the methodology proposes a new and
   important contribution to the field of biophysical economics . a lifetime
   evolving function for the dynamics of the energy return on investment ( eroi
   ) . in the development stage of a new resource , eroi increases due to
   technological learning , market growth and capital investment . eroi then
   reaches a peak as diminishing returns are experienced on further
   technological innovation and capital investment . in the later stage eroi
   declines over time as the most accessible resources are developed first ,
   resources become depleted , or scarcity develops for materials needed to
   extract , process or convert the energy for the market . eroi can also
   diminish over time as environmental restoration or emission reduction
   becomes required by the society . the dynamic eroi function was incorporated
   into a global energy model using a biophysical approach ( gemba ) and
   implemented in vensim . the gemba model is calibrated using historical
   energy production data , i . e . training to historical data , then running
   the trained model to 2100 under a series of varying assumptions regarding
   availability of energy resources and corresponding erols . the main finding
   of the model is that growth of the renewable energy sector may impact
   investment in other areas of the economy and thereby stymie economic growth
   . ( c ) 2011 elsevier b.v . all rights reserved .
DE physical resource modeling; net energy analysis ( nea ); systems dynamics (
   sd ); resource quality; embodied energy
ID economic-systems; growth-curves; stella; cost

---

UT 430
AR Li F, 2022, ARAB J SCI ENG, V47, P3945, DOI 10.1007/s13369-021-06264-5
TI Evolutionary Game Analysis of Information Sharing Among Closed-loop Supply
   Chain Members in Cloud Environment
AU Li F; Qian XY; Kong J; Luo ZCY
TC 19
SO ARAB J SCI ENG
PY 2022
AB the problem of information asymmetry has become the main reason for the
   inefficiency of the closed_loop supply chain ( clsc ) . this article is
   based on the idea of cloud manufacturing and provides a framework for
   information exchange and sharing between various entities in the form of
   distributed networking . with the participation of the government , the
   research on the information_sharing enthusiasm of remanufacturers and
   recyclers in clsc and its influencing factors is combined with evolutionary
   game theory and system dynamics . under the premise of bounded rationality ,
   a tripartite evolutionary game model is constructed , and equilibrium
   analysis is carried out . on this basis , based on the principles of system
   dynamics , vensim is used to simulate the evolutionary game process
   dynamically , and the influence of parameter changes on information_sharing
   enthusiasm and strategy selection is discussed . in addition , a closed_loop
   supply chain sd model in cloud environment is established to prove its role
   in information sharing . the research results show that the strategic
   choices of clsc members are affected by multiple external variables .
   factors such as government supervision , sharing costs , information
   security , and enterprise alliances play a key role in companies adopting
   cloud manufacturing models for remanufacturing activities .
DE closed-loop supply chain; asymmetric information; cloud manufacturing;
   evolutionary game theory; system dynamic
ID stable strategies; impact

---

UT 431
AR Karimlou K, 2020, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V34, P481, DOI
   10.1007/s11269-019-02428-z
TI Developing a Model for Decision-Makers in Dynamic Modeling of Urban Water
   System Management
AU Karimlou K; Hassani N; Mehrabadi AR; Nazari MR
TC 15
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2020
AB water managers may modify many components of urban water systems to minimize
   water shortage . since each modification activity has its own positive and
   negative effects , it is necessary to define an appropriate procedure to
   predict the consequences of each action . as the parameters of urban water
   supply and demand system have internal relationships in the time domain , a
   dynamic model is needed to forecast the result of changes and select the
   best modification activity . here the vensim ( r ) is applied as a modeling
   tool to choose the most effective water management activities in tehran
   province . it has been found that the annual increase rate of water tariff
   by 16.4 % and assigning 4.5 % of revenue on reducing non_revenue water may
   be the most effective demand management activity to reduce water shortage in
   tehran province . it has also been revealed that , even by implementing the
   most effective demand management activities in tehran , the amount of
   required water in the next 10 years is more than the sustainable capacity of
   its resources and activities like seawater desalination are inevitable to
   prevent unsustainable use of water sources .
DE water; system dynamics; price elasticity of demand; tariff; conservation
   devices; non-revenue water
ID price elasticity; desalination; demand

---

UT 432
AR Qin TT, 2024, RISK MANAG HEAL POLIC, V17, P1227, DOI 10.2147/RMHP.S454748
TI Utilizing Group Model Building to Identify Barriers and Facilitators of
   Hypertension Management in Primary Health Care, China
AU Qin TT; Li XM/1; Qiao K; Bai XY; Gu MY; Wang Y/2
TC 2
SO RISK MANAG HEAL POLIC
PY 2024
AB purpose : group model building ( gmb ) is a qualitative method that refers
   to a participatory process . this project aims to identify barriers and
   facilitators of hypertension management in primary health care in china ,
   through which , the leverage point for intervention may be found . methods :
   the gmb was used to identify the factors influencing hypertension management
   . graphs over time and causal loop diagram ( cld ) were main tools of gmb .
   to propose the influencing factors , key stakeholders were invited to
   participate in a workshop . during the workshop , stakeholders were
   encouraged to plot the graphs over time of the variables about research
   issues and give a descriptive explanation . and based on this , a cld was
   initially developed to establish a model of the interaction of factors .
   after the workshop , the research group further improved the cld through
   repeated mutual discussions , and gave feedback to the participants . the
   vensim ple 9.0 software package was used to build cld . results : a total of
   14 key stakeholders were invited to participate in the workshop . finally ,
   26 influencing factors were identified , which were divided into three
   dimensions , including the institutional , the community health workers (
   chws ) , and the patient level . and 5 reinforcing loops and 4 balancing
   loops were formed in the cld . promoting the building of the medical
   community / regional medical association , implementing the family doctor
   contract service ( fdcs ) , and enhancing the motivation of chws may be
   potential leverage points for hypertension management in china . conclusion
   : by using gmb , we have identified key factors in the management of
   hypertension in primary health care and provided comprehensive suggestions
   to overcome the obstacles .
DE group model building; hypertension management; primary health-care; causal
   loop diagram; system dynamics
ID population; prevalence; awareness; scripts

---

UT 433
AR Ogano NO, 2017, AFR J IND ENG, V28, P20, DOI 10.7166/28-1-1607
TI ANALYSIS OF POLICY OPTIONS FOR PROJECTS IN THE ELECTRICITY SECTOR IN SUB-
   SAHARAN AFRICA: A SYSTEM DYNAMICS APPROACH
AU Ogano NO; Pretorius L
TC 4
SO AFR J IND ENG
PY 2017
AB many projects in the electricity energy sector in africa ' s sub_saharan
   region experience delays and challenges to quality , leading to frequent
   power outages that slow overall economic activity and frustrate investor
   confidence in the region . this paper presents the systemic methods employed
   to evaluate the dynamic consequences of policies in electricity energy
   sector projects in the region . the model uses the vensim software to carry
   out the simulations . a range of illustrative scenarios are provided and
   analyzed , and the paper compares and contrasts these different scenarios .
   the results show that there is merit in improving project management
   competence in the region . a shortage of commissioning engineers also
   emerged as a major problem in the projects , leading to multitasking as the
   few existing commissioning engineers move from one project to another . to
   address this weakness , the study proposes that contracting firms be
   compelled to employ a higher proportion of commissioning engineers .

---

UT 434
AR Dudley RG, 2010, MITIG ADAPT STRATEG GLOB CHANG, V15, P53, DOI
   10.1007/s11027-009-9204-7
TI A little REDD model to quickly compare possible baseline and policy
   scenarios for reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation
AU Dudley RG
TC 15
SO MITIG ADAPT STRATEG GLOB CHANG
PY 2010
AB a simple model allows rapid comparison of typical baseline and policy
   scenarios which might be considered under international programs to avoid
   co2 emissions caused by forest clearing , such as redd ( reducing emissions
   from deforestation and forest degradation ) . these tests of redd policy
   scenarios can also include co2 stored in forest products . the value of
   avoided emissions can also be determined if expected carbon prices ,
   constant or varying , are included . the paper discusses simple illustrative
   example comparisons as well as possible feedback effects within larger scale
   setting of co2 offset availability , co2 price and emissions reductions .
DE avoided emissions; carbon emissions; co2 emissions; deforestation; model;
   emissions reductions; redd; vensim; system dynamics

---

UT 435
AR Lutete P, 2022, J PUBLIC HEAL, V112, PS444, DOI 10.2105/AJPH.2022.306725
TI Intersectional Stigma and Prevention Among Gay, Bisexual, and Same Gender-
   Loving Men in New York City, 2020: System Dynamics Models
AU Lutete P; Matthews DW; Sabounchi NS; Paige MQ; Lounsbury DW; Rodriguez N;
   Echevarria N; Usher D; Walker JJ; Dickerson A; Hillesheim J; Frye V
TC 13
SO J PUBLIC HEAL
PY 2022
AB objectives . to create causal loop diagrams that characterize intersectional
   stigma experiences among black , gay , bisexual , same gender_loving , and
   other men who have sex with men and to identify intervention targets to
   reduce stigma and increase testing and prevention access . methods . between
   january and july 2020 , we conducted focus groups and in_depth interviews
   with 80 expert informants in new york city , which were transcribed , coded
   , and analyzed . these qualitative insights were developed iteratively ,
   visualized , and validated in a causal loop diagram ( cld ) using vensim
   software . results . the cld revealed 3 key feedback loops_medical mistrust
   and hiv transmission , serosorting and marginalization of black and gay
   individuals , and family support and internalized homophobia_that contribute
   to intersectional hiv and related stigmas , homophobia , and systemic racism
   . on the basis of these results , we designed 2 novel intervention
   components to integrate into an existing community_level anti_hiv stigma and
   homophobia intervention . conclusions . hiv stigma , systemic racism , and
   homophobia work via feedback loops to reduce access to and uptake of hiv
   testing , prevention , and treatment . public health implications . the cld
   method yielded unique insights into reciprocal feedback structures that , if
   broken , could interrupt stigmatization and discrimination cycles that
   impede testing and prevention uptake .
ID hiv preexposure prophylaxis; black-men; transgender women; united-states;
   testing behaviors; medical mistrust; care continuum; health-care; white men;
   sex

---

UT 436
AR Lazanski TJ, 2006, KYBERNETES, V35, P1048, DOI 10.1108/03684920610684779
TI Systems approach to complex systems modelling with special regards to
   tourism
AU Lazanski TJ; Kljajic M
TC 32
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2006
AB purpose_the importance of context dependent modeling of complex systems ,
   depending on the observer ' s point of view will be discussed . thus ,
   context is synonymous for the content of a problem in a frame of the goals ,
   starting points and ways to achieve these aims . in this light ,
   difficulties of model validation and a general method how to overcome them
   was discussed . the relations among subject object_model in the light of a
   systems approach . charles sanders peirce ' s triad principle and the
   semiotic principle of communication was presented . design / methodology /
   approach_the appropriateness of a system dynamics methodology , which is due
   to its transparency and clarity an excellent tool for modeling of complex
   systems . findings_in the paper the equivalence of different methodologies
   was shown , whose differences and similarities can be judged only in context
   of a problem and the aims of researches . for illustration , the methodology
   is applied to a tourism system , which possesses the typical properties of
   global and local organizations . a verbal description of a tourism problem
   is followed by a causal loop diagram , which helps to discuss the problem
   categorically . practical implications_as the methodology is implemented
   using quantitative model and powersim tools . it offers the solution of
   national tourism strategy implication , selected from different scenarios .
   originality / value_this paper presents a simulation model of the tourism in
   a frame of system dynamics , developed from qualitative models , as an
   illustration of the discussed methodology .
DE cybernetics; modeling; tourism; systems theory

---

UT 437
AR Parrado-Hernando G, 2024, J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST-JSDEWES, V12,
   DOI 10.13044/j.sdewes.d11.0481
TI Method to Model the Hourly Variability of Renewable Energy Sources in
   Integrated Assessment Models
AU Parrado-Hernando G; Frechoso-Escudero F; González LJM
TC 7
SO J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST-JSDEWES
PY 2024
AB a decarbonized economy implies deep structural changes across industries ,
   including the power system , whose operation needs to balance supply and
   demand instantaneously . the energy planning community usually work with
   hourly_resolution tools , while the integrated assessment community do so
   with the year as the time unit . this article describes a model that
   integrates both time frames to consider limitations and competition among
   suppliers of electricity in long_term scenarios , with spain as the case of
   study . the calibration was carried out over four historical years (
   2017_2020 , including the impact of covid ) to show both the sensitivity of
   different meteorological conditions and differences in the ranking of
   priorities to supply power . electricity mix in 2030 . while this objective
   is reached by our own proposal .
DE integrated assessment model ( iam ); energy transition; energy policy; power
   system; system dynamics; vensim; pniec; necp
ID system; challenges; generation; emissions; storage

---

UT 438
AR Xiao L, 2018, J INTERNET TECHNOL, V19, P1155, DOI
   10.3966/160792642018081904018
TI Design and Analysis of Knowledge Transfer in the Process of University-
   Industry Collaborative Innovation Based on Social Network Theory
AU Xiao L; Xu SH; Zeng XX
TC 7
SO J INTERNET TECHNOL
PY 2018
AB any collaborative innovation activities can not be separated from the
   support of social networks . many factors in the social network affect the
   knowledge transfer activities . moreover , the effectiveness of knowledge
   transfer determines the performance of collaborative innovation . from the
   point of view of relevance between collaborative innovation behavior and
   social network , this paper analyzes the influence of some factors in social
   network on knowledge transfer of school enterprise synergy innovation . the
   purpose of this paper is to find out the laws of knowledge transfer in the
   process of university_industry ( you_i ) collaborative innovation , and to
   verify the role of these laws through system dynamics simulation . firstly ,
   this paper summarizes the previous views on collaborative innovation and
   you_i knowledge transfer . based on the analysis of literature , it puts
   forward the process model of knowledge transfer in you_i collaborative
   innovation and analyzes the factors that affect this process . secondly ,
   the paper uses a system dynamics method to analyze the causality of
   knowledge transfer in the process of you_i collaborative innovation ,
   establishes the model of system flow diagrams , and uses vensim ple to test
   the validation and sensitivity of the model . furthermore , the experimental
   results demonstrate that the model could fit well the actual knowledge
   transfer activities in the process of you_i collaborative innovation . and ,
   the results show that some factors in social networks ( trust , knowledge
   transfer capability , knowledge absorptive capacity , and contract
   mechanisms ) affect you_i knowledge transfer in different degrees . finally
   , some suggestions concerning the promotion of knowledge transfer are
   presented according to the simulation .
DE universities-industries; collaborative innovation; knowledge transfer;
   social networks
ID product innovation; transfer success; firms; cooperation; stickiness

---

UT 439
AR Campuzano-Bolarin F, 2010, DYNA, V85, P31
TI Traditional and collaborative supply chains.  Analysis of its influence on
   the demand variability manangement
AU Campuzano-Bolarin F; Martínez-Caro E; Ros-McDonell L
TC 2
SO DYNA
PY 2010
AB nowadays there are different structures of supply chain management based on
   collaboration among the companies which belong to the same chain . this work
   deeply analyzes the advantages and disadvantages of using these structures ,
   in particular , vendor managed inventory ( vmi ) and electronic point of
   sales ( epos ) compared to the traditional supply chain . moreover , it
   devises several models of supply chain management , developed using the
   dynamci systems methodology , where the structures are shaped and simulated
   by the vensim ( c ) software . these models area an efficient tool to
   recreate different managment backgrounds , which fit a greater or lesser
   extent with business objectives ( tactical or operational ) as proposed . in
   that way , analyzing the variations of the bullwhip effect , as the main
   causes of instabilities in the demand process management along the supply
   chain , will be possible .
DE logistics; bullwhip effect; systems dynamics; supply chain management;
   vendor managed inventory ( vmi ); electronic point of sales ( epos )
ID impact

---

UT 440
AR Hong MH, 2017, WATER, V9, DOI 10.3390/w9030215
TI Determination of Growth Stage-Specific Crop Coefficients (Kc) of Sunflowers
   (Helianthus annuus L.) under Salt Stress
AU Hong MH; Zeng WZ; Ma T; Lei GQ; Zha YY; Fang YH; Wu JW; Huang JS
TC 19
SO WATER
PY 2017
AB crop coefficients ( k_c ) are important for the development of irrigation
   schedules , but few studies on k_c focus on saline soils . to propose the
   growth_stage_specific k_c values for sunflowers in saline soils , a two_year
   micro_plot experiment was conducted in yichang experimental station , hetao
   irrigation district . four salinity levels including non_salinized ( ece =
   3.4_4.1 dsm ( _1 ) ) , low ( ece = 5.5_8.2 dsm ( _1 ) ) , moderate ( ece =
   12.1_14.5 dsm ( _1 ) ) , and high ( ece = 18.3_18.5 dsm ( _1 ) ) levels were
   arranged in 12 micro_plots . based on the soil moisture observations ,
   vensim software was used to establish and develop a physically_based water
   flow in the soil_plant system ( wfsp ) model . observations in 2012 were
   used to calibrate the wfsp model and acceptable accuracy was obtained ,
   especially for soil moisture simulation below 5 cm ( r_2 > 0.6 ) . the
   locally_based k_c values ( lkc ) of sunflowers in saline soils were
   presented according to the wfsp calibration results . to be specific , lkc
   for initial stages ( k_c1 ) could be expressed as a function of soil
   salinity ( r_2 = 0.86 ) , while r_2 of lkc for rapid growth ( k_c2 ) ,
   middle ( k_c3 ) , and mature ( k_c4 ) stages were 0.659 , 1.156 , and 0.324
   , respectively . the proposed lkc values were also evaluated by observations
   in 2013 and the r_2 for initial , rapid growth , middle , and mature stages
   were 0.66 , 0.68 , 0.56 and 0.58 , respectively . it is expected that the
   lkc would be of great value in irrigation management and provide precise
   water application values for salt_affected regions .
DE crop coefficient; modeling; salinity; sunflowers; vensim
ID water-use efficiency; deficit irrigation; system dynamics; soil-salinity;
   root distributions; yield; evapotranspiration; corn; simulation; equation

---

UT 441
AR Vasiliou VS, 2024, J CONTEXT BEHAV SCI, V34, DOI 10.1016/j.jcbs.2024.100844
TI Capturing the context of drug use for college students: A contextual
   behavioural science informed qualitative analysis of harm reduction
   practices using network feedback loops simulation modelling
AU Vasiliou VS; Meany L; Belluci C; Dockray S; Linehan C; Dick S; Davoren MP;
   Byrne M
TC 0
SO J CONTEXT BEHAV SCI
PY 2024
AB drug use during college can have substantial harm on students ' lives and
   impacts the institutions ' functioning and local communities . yet existing
   interventions for drug use at college poorly address the concurrent dynamic
   influences of the experiences in earlier developmental periods of young
   adults and the proximal contextual triggers of college life . both risk
   factors that can contribute to drug use . to address this , we leveraged
   system dynamic methods and contextual_behavioural science ( cbs ) approaches
   to support the development of interventions focusing at addressin these risk
   factors . using causal loop diagram methods ( vensim ple ) , we collected
   qualitative data from college students to generate network feedback loops (
   nfls ) ( n = 24 , maged 22 years old ) , during the development phase of the
   myuse : a contextual behavioral change intervention for harm reduction
   practices at college students . the findings underscored central nodes (
   determinants within an intervention ) that support our previous identified
   three cbs_harm_reduction practices for college students ( targeted edges :
   mindful drug_use decision making , value_based activities ,
   context_sensitive personalized plan of harm reduction ) . analyzes revealed
   4 nfls for students with previous drug use , consisting of 13 edges ( 4
   positive , 2 negative , and 4 balancing reinforcing relationships ) and 3
   nfls for students with no previous drug use , consisting of 4 positives ,
   one negative , and one balancing relationship . all the nfls were nested
   with the three cbsrelated targeted outcomes . college students who use drugs
   need drug_related knowledge about the unpredictable and adverse effects of
   drugs , presented in a compassionate way and distributed from credible
   resources ( e . g . , students ' unions / club ) . students with no previous
   drug use need education about the effects of drugs and awareness of how
   drugs can devaluate value_based activities ( e . g . sports , friendships ,
   social life ) . these should be delivered via proxy cue reminders and
   mobile_text approaches conveying messages about drug use susceptibility ,
   distributed in real_time . idiosyncratic , dynamic , and contextual_bound
   factors of lapse risks or preventive practices should account for each
   person_specific vulnerabilities via personalized harm reduction plans .
DE network feedback loops; system dynamics; drug use; drug harms; contextual-
   behavioural science; college students; network analysis
ID substance use; marijuana use; sample-size; intervention; prevention;
   consensus; implementation; association; strategies; stress

---

UT 442
AR Morais MCA, 2022, INT J INNOV, V10, P527, DOI 10.5585/iji.10i3.21723
TI GRADUATE EDUCATION, RESEARCH AND INNOVATION: PUBLIC OFFER EFFECTS OF
   GRADUATES ON THE POTENTIAL FOR INNOVATION BUSINESS
AU Morais MCA; Emmendoerfer ML; Protil RM
TC 0
SO INT J INNOV
PY 2022
AB objective : understanding the structures involved and the possible effects
   of policies to expand the supply of graduate labor on the innovation
   potential of brazilian companies . methodology : for this understanding ,
   the causal diagram technique was used with soft modeling of the system
   dynamics approach using the vensim software . originality : the relationship
   between the supply of qualified labor force for research and the increase in
   the innovative capacity of organizations does not present a linear
   relationship but depends on factors that go beyond the determinants of the
   academic sector . this work responds to the need to theorize about the
   complexity existing in the relationship between the public support of
   graduate studies and their returns through applying the scientific workforce
   in research and development activities in the productive sector . main
   results : a conceptual model representing a system formed by the convergence
   between the structures of the graduate program market and the graduates '
   market was presented . this proposal offers an overview of causal structures
   formed by the main variables involved in supply / demand by graduates in
   brazil . theoretical / methodological contributions : the knowledge and use
   of the system dynamics approach support understanding complex phenomena ,
   learning , and constructing viable solutions to public problems .
   furthermore , it is an approach still incipient in latin america , such as
   brazil , and it is valuable for forming agendas and evaluating public
   policies . practical contributions : notably , this work encourages an
   urgent reflection on graduate and research policies articulated with the
   innovation context , bringing possible implications for the transfer of
   technologies . a potential instrument for analyzing and projecting the
   possible effects of these public policies in the context studied was
   proposed .
DE evaluation design; graduate; system thinking; innovation; public policy
ID brazil; policy

---

UT 443
AR Campuzano-Bolarin F, 2010, DYNA, V85, P513, DOI 10.6036/3739
TI Traditional and collaborative supply chains.  Bullwhip effect analysis and
   other related costs
AU Campuzano-Bolarin F; Martínez-Caro E; Ros-McDonnell L
TC 0
SO DYNA
PY 2010
AB the bullwhip effect is one of the main causes of instability in the
   management demand process along the supply chain . nowadays there are
   different supply chain management structures based on collaboration among
   the companies which integrate the same chain . that collaboration may reduce
   the bullwhip effect . in this paper some of said structures are modeled and
   simulated under vensim ( c ) software , in particular , vendor managed
   inventory ( vmi ) and electronic point of sales ( epos ) . simulation
   results are compared to those offered by traditional supply chain . moreover
   these mentioned supply chain management models are built under systems
   dynamic methodology , which allow the manager to recreate different
   management scenarios and choose those which match with the company targets (
   tactic or operative ones ) .
DE logistics; bullwhip effect; systems dynamics; supply chain management;
   vendor managed inventory ( vmi ); electronic point of sales ( epos );
   simulation
ID impact; information; dynamics

---

UT 444
AR Beskorovainyi VV, 2012, RADIO ELECTRON COMPUT SCI CONTROL, V2, P74
TI A SYSTEM DYNAMIC MODEL OF THE TERRITORIAL DISTRIBUTED SERVICE SYSTEM
AU Beskorovainyi VV; Soboleva EV
TC 0
SO RADIO ELECTRON COMPUT SCI CONTROL
PY 2012
AB this paper reports the development of a system dynamics model for the
   strategic planning of a municipal service system . the model is capable of
   handling the critical variables that impact the operations of a delivery
   scheme . the model was developed using the vensim programming software to
   handle the process dynamics . there are presented results of the proposed
   model simulation of the municipal service system with a 100 % increase of
   service demand . it is concluded that the model developed is sensitive to
   variable changes and has the capability of answering various operational
   what_if questions . as a strategic planning tool , the present model
   generates , for different scenarios , important operational information for
   the management of resources of the municipal service system .
DE territorial distributed service system; simulation; mathematical model;
   system dynamic; transient; demand fluctuation

---

UT 445
AR Yin J, 2020, PLOS, V15, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0240547
TI Benign or disordered development?  Assessment and simulation of security of
   highly aggregated tourist crowds in China
AU Yin J; Bi YH
TC 0
SO PLOS
PY 2020
AB arising with increasing security issues in highly aggregated tourist crowds
   ( hatcs ) , widespread attention has been dedicated to security status .
   assessing and forecasting the security status of hatcs in various situations
   related to tourist destinations is an important strategy of security
   management . thus , this study constructed a system dynamic flow diagram for
   the security evaluation of hatcs . the relevant data were collected on
   perceptions of crowded tourists through questionnaires at tianyou peak
   during china ' s national day ( golden week holiday ) . additionally ,
   efforts were made to conduct online surveys at shanghai disney park and
   shilin night market in taipei , since crowding always occurs in these two
   areas . empirical results based on vensim software suggest that hatc status
   is the result of the coupling of various influencing factors and the result
   of the benign coupling of the three subsystems : multi_source pressure ,
   state variation , and management response . hatc security presents a
   changing trend of ' ' increase_decrease_recovery ' ' . differences exist in
   the changes of hatc security status in different spaces and at different
   time nodes . the findings also indicated that hatcs that appear in the
   daytime are more stable than hatcs that appear at special time nodes . this
   study highlighted that the security management of hatcs should focus on
   systematization , differentiation , and precision management .
ID system dynamics; visitor satisfaction; mass gatherings; safety; perceptions;
   impact; backpackers; management; standards; travelers

---

UT 446
AR Gao N/1, 2022, MATH PROBL ENG, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/3778597
TI A System Dynamic Model of Closed-Loop Supply Chain considering Recovery
   Strengthening and Product Differentiation
AU Gao N/1; Qu LC; Jiang YT
TC 2
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2022
AB considering the strengthening effect of recovery on demand and the product
   differentiation , a multifactor closed_loop supply chain ( clsc ) system
   dynamics ( sds ) model is established and is simulated using the vensim
   software . based on the simulation data , influences of factors of ' '
   policy effect , ' ' ' ' recovery delay time , ' ' ' ' recovery strengthening
   , ' ' and ' ' recovery channel competitions ' ' on the clsc are analyzed .
   the results demonstrate that the order amplification and inventory
   amplification are all better than those of the traditional supply chain .
   demands for remanufactured products and new products both reach the stable
   states in the later period . in addition , the variance analysis indicates
   that all the factors have a significant effect on the order and inventory
   amplifications in clsc . finally , some managerial implications are put
   forward .

---

UT 447
AR Fiorello D, 2010, SYST DYN REV, V26, P283, DOI 10.1002/sdr.452
TI The ASTRA model for strategic assessment of transport policies
AU Fiorello D; Fermi F; Bielanska D
TC 39
SO SYST DYN REV
PY 2010
AB astra is a system dynamics model for the strategic assessment of policy
   scenarios at the european level . over recent years , astra has been
   extensively used in many european research projects , sometimes in linkage
   with other strategic tools , to provide simulations of scenarios concerning
   energy scarcity , high oil prices , technological investments in the
   transport sector and application of measures included in european transport
   policy . astra is built in vensim ( r ) and consists of nine interlinked
   modules . with respect to a traditional transport model , astra is less
   detailed in geographical terms , but simulates the linkages between
   transport demand , the economy , the vehicle fleet and environmental effects
   , thus allowing an integrated multidimensional assessment of alternative
   scenarios . copyright ( c ) 2010 john wiley and sons , ltd .

---

UT 448
AR Li X, 2021, COMPLEX, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/6618940
TI Dynamic Simulation of Low-Carbon Competitiveness from the Perspective of
   Circular Economy
AU Li X; Luo FZ
TC 4
SO COMPLEX
PY 2021
AB in accordance with the requirements of the circular economy in guangxi ( of
   prc ) and the characteristics of the drivers of low_carbon competitiveness
   in the regional construction industry , a causal flowchart of influencing
   factors of the low_carbon competitiveness in the guangxi construction
   industry is constructed , and a model based on system dynamics is
   established . after the entropy weight method is used to determine the
   variable weight , vensim ple software is used to simulate the development
   trend of the low_carbon competitiveness of the guangxi construction industry
   . the simulation results of the promotion effect of various factors on the
   development of the low_carbon competitiveness of the regional construction
   industry from 2010 to 2020 are obtained , and countermeasures and
   suggestions are proposed from the perspective of a circular economy .
ID energy-consumption; lmdi decomposition; china energy; co2; emissions;
   industry; growth; impact; income

---

UT 449
AR Bupic M, 2010, NASE, V57, P226
TI Simulation Model of Dynamic Behaviour of Refrigerated Products in a Ship's
   Refrigerated Container
AU Bupic M; Pavkovic B; Jemric T
TC 2
SO NASE
PY 2010
AB simulation model of dynamic behavior of refrigerated products has ben based
   on the developed mathematical model , constructional characteristics of the
   tested container , its refrigeration plant and characteristics of
   refrigerated products . the model presented is a part of dynamic model of
   the complete ship ' s refrigerated container system , whose individual
   subsystems are refrigerated products , container wall , refrigerated humid
   air in the container , condensation unit , evaporator , container outfit ,
   evaporator fan and defroster heater . the research has been conducted on a
   12,2_metre ( 40_foot ) refrigerated container . the method of system
   dynamics and powersim simulation program have been used for modeling and
   simulation . the dynamic model of the refrigerated products in a ship ' s
   refrigerated container has been verified and conformed by the comparison of
   simulation results with empirical qualitative data .
DE simulation model; refrigerated products; ship refrigerated container

---

UT 450
AR Shahbazi A, 2012, RES CROP, V13, P319
TI Developing a simulation model for multipurpose reservoir using system
   dynamic approach
AU Shahbazi A; Radmanesh F; Akhoond-Ali AM; Sadi T
TC 0
SO RES CROP
PY 2012
AB simulation is one of the most useful methods in water resources system
   analyzes . there is still a strong need to explore simulation techniques
   that not only represent complex dynamic systems in a realistic way but also
   allow the involvement of end users in model development : to increase their
   confidence in the modeling process . one of these techniques is system
   dynamics . system dynamic models have four structural units including levels
   , flows , connectors and converters . these four units are applied to
   simulate a variety of simple to very complex systems . in this article ,
   system dynamic approach and vensim software have been used to simulate a
   multipurpose reservoir operation . developed models have been used to
   evaluate the agricultural demands allocation , hydropower generation and
   reliability at abolfares dam . optimization and sensitivity analyzes were
   used on dam operational properties . also different dam operations and
   inflow scenarios were used to evaluate water resource system feedback .
   results showed that reservoir could meet the environmental and agricultural
   demands of existing farms in 100 and 99 % of simulation period accordingly .
   also results indicated that regulated water by the reservoir could extend
   existing land upto 1300 ha by shortage of water in only 2 % of whole
   simulation period . simulation of energy generation as second purpose of dam
   showed that hydro power plant could generate monthly average of 140 mwh peak
   energy and 430 mwh non_peak energy .
DE multipurpose reservoir; sensitivity analyzes; simulation; system dynamic;
   vensim

---

UT 451
AR Robles C, 2022, REV ING CONSTR, V37, P185, DOI 10.7764/RIC.00025.21
TI Material supply planning and management model for social housing projects in
   a construction company
AU Robles C; Rangel E; Sánchez N
TC 1
SO REV ING CONSTR
PY 2022
AB this article addresses the development of a model for the material supply
   planning and management in the construction industry , using system dynamics
   , supported by ahp supplier selection methods , evaluation and monitoring
   with abc classification , all mediated by vensim data analysis software .
   the supply management in the construction industry is studied and analyzed
   based on a collaborative model between suppliers and builders , under the
   cpfr model and the integration of the last planner system , which
   contributes to optimize the use of resources that allow completing all
   social interest housing ( vis ) construction projects . the model simulates
   the impact and performance produced in the collaborative system , compliance
   with planning and profitability in vis projects , appropriate selection ,
   and supplier evaluation and monitoring . finally , this model allows those
   who make strategic decisions in vis projects to identify the most critical
   variables , assess their contribution , and make the right decisions to
   eliminate waste due to waiting time .
DE social interest housing ( vis ); construction company; supply; last planner
   system; supplier; provider; collaborative logistics

---

UT 452
AR Prieto-Mostacero KA, 2023, INGE CUC, V19, DOI 10.17981/ingecuc.19.1.2023.07
TI Emisiones vehiculares mediante modelo din?mico de sistemas en la carretera
   Central en la ciudad de Lima- Per?  noviembre 2020
AU Prieto-Mostacero KA; Luera ISO; Fernandez-Rojas JH
TC 0
SO INGE CUC
PY 2023
AB introduction : the greatest air pollution such as total organic gasses and
   micrometric particles is caused by the automobile fleet . this reality is
   shown through a system dynamics . objective : the objective of the research
   was to estimate the vehicular emissions generated and released into the
   atmosphere in the central highway in the eastern part of the city of lima ,
   peru . method : the data was obtained during 35 continuous days in november
   and december 2020 . then a dynamic systems model was developed in the vensim
   ple 8.2.1 software , variables of activity levels were entered such as the
   number of vehicles grouped in categories and factors of emission relative to
   speed acquired from emep / eea 2019.results : 853 670 vehicles were counted
   , of which category b corresponding to four_passenger light vehicles
   represent 59.18 % of the total . the model estimated co2 as the main gaseous
   agent that is emitted into the atmosphere with a total of 632982 tons ,
   three agents present average emissions co , hct and nox with 174.14 , 66.57
   and 41.55 ton respectively , the lowest emissions are pm10 , ch4 , so2 , n2o
   and nh3 which generated 1.46 , 0.9 , 1.88 , 0.15 and 0.02 tons respectively
   . conclusions : the greater pollution causes category b vehicles than
   corresponding to four_passenger light vehicles with co2 , co and hct
   emissions , category g , which are heavy trucks greater than 16 tons and
   category a motorcycles also add to these emissions to a lesser extent .
DE air pollution; dynamic of systems; vensim ple modeling

---

UT 453
AR He SC, 2016, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2016, DOI 10.1155/2016/7646248
TI The Government's Environment Policy Index Impact on Recycler Behavior in
   Electronic Products Closed-Loop Supply Chain
AU He SC; Yuan XG; Zhang XQ/1
TC 7
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2016
AB we establish the model of multilevel closed_loop supply chain ( clsc ) which
   included raw material supplier , manufacturer , distributor , retailer , and
   third_party recycler based on system dynamics ( sd ) . considering factors
   which influence recycler behavior_environmental policy index and recovery
   delay , we apply sd software_vensim_to simulate clsc model and study
   recycler behavior ' s influence on the entire clsc through calculating the
   bullwhip effect of all levels members order rate . research shows that ( 1 )
   the larger the environmental policy index , the greater the recycle
   proportion and the better the effect of weakening retailer ' s order rate in
   forward supply chain , which however , increasingly , strengthen the reverse
   supply chain bullwhip effect , ( 2 ) the shorter the recovery delay , the
   better the effect of weakening the forward supply chain bullwhip effect and
   the longer the recovery delay , which increasingly weakens the reverse
   supply chain bullwhip effect , and ( 3 ) the effect of environmental policy
   index on the bullwhip effect of all levels members order rate is more
   significant than recovery delay .

---

UT 454
AR Amare N, 2022, J ENV PUBLIC HEAL, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/8391616
TI RETRACTED: The Practices of Solid Waste Utility and Thriving Conditions of
   Logistics (a Case of Tepi Town): A Study to Treat the Healthy Environment
   (Retracted Article)
AU Amare N; Al-Bhadly O; Birhan M; Hamid SS; Mohamad AAH
TC 3
SO J ENV PUBLIC HEAL
PY 2022
AB unwanted remains , discarded residues , and byproduct materials that are not
   required by the initial user are known as wastes . in ethiopia , improper
   solid waste management becomes endemic and it affects the health conditions
   , comforts , and freedom of town communities . improper solid waste
   management can also adversely affect infrastructure damages , socioeconomic
   conditions , and environmental and health problems . so , awareness creation
   among the communities is necessary . the main objective of the study was to
   assess the management of existing solid waste activities and reverse
   logistic systems in tepi town . the impacts of improper solid waste
   management were reduced through waste accumulation , transportation ,
   recycling , and waste removal . available pieces of information for the
   study were gathered from 450 near house places and 549 survivals . the
   collected data were analyzed by using vensim system dynamics software , and
   the obtained results were modeled by a system dynamic because and effect
   relationship diagram . finally , the appropriate recommendations for
   communities , municipals , and institutions were provided .
ID management

---

UT 455
AR Tanure S, 2015, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V32, P658, DOI 10.1002/sres.2252
TI Bioeconomic Model of Decision Support System for Farm Management: Proposal
   of a Mathematical Model
AU Tanure S; Nabinger C; Becker JL
TC 12
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2015
AB the declining profitability of agriculture and livestock production ,
   increasing climatic variations , and growing concern over the environmental
   impact of farming challenge farm management . in this context , we propose a
   generalized mathematical bioeconomic macro model for livestock production
   systems . this model resulted from a multidisciplinary effort to integrate
   major databases of climate , soil , plants , animals , and their economic
   aspects , searching for representing a livestock production similar to
   brazilian systems of pasture_based beef cattle production . this work is
   divided into four submodels : ( i ) herd structure and animal
   characteristics . ( ii ) animal nutrient requirements . ( iii )
   meteorological_soil_pasture_animal integration . and ( iv ) economic . we
   adopted the system dynamics modeling methodology , composed of differential
   and integral equations in structured ithink 9.1.4 software . the equations
   herein proposed were adapted from pre_existing studies , and we intend to
   include them into a macro model in the future and use them to build
   different scenarios based on real data . copyright ( c ) 2014 john wiley and
   sons , ltd .
DE decision-making; farm production modeling; livestock production systems;
   mathematical framework
ID simulation model; part i; growth; performance; economics; thinking; risk;
   tool

---

UT 456
AR Hussain M, 2012, INT J LOGIST-RES APPL, V15, P231, DOI
   10.1080/13675567.2012.710599
TI Exploring the bullwhip effect using simulation and Taguchi experimental
   design
AU Hussain M; Saber H
TC 17
SO INT J LOGIST-RES APPL
PY 2012
AB this paper quantifies the impact of different causes of the bullwhip effect
   in a model of a multi_echelon supply chain with batching and information
   sharing . system dynamics simulation , using ithink ( r ) software , has
   been initially used to explore the impact of various batch sizes on the
   bullwhip effect . it has been observed that the relationship between batch
   size and demand amplification is non_monotonic . large batch sizes , which
   when combined in integer multiples can produce order rates that are close to
   the actual demand , produce little demand amplification . next , a
   combination of simulation and taguchi design of experiments is applied to
   quantitatively measure the impact of different causes of the bullwhip effect
   and the interaction that occurs between these causes . this is a
   contribution to the continuing research into controlling the bullwhip effect
   , giving supply chain operations managers a practical approach to
   understanding the impact of different causes of the bullwhip effect .
DE supply chain dynamics; bullwhip effect; batching; taguchi methods;
   simulation
ID supply chain; inventory; demand; impact; system; stability; dynamics;
   behavior

---

UT 457
AR Atiaja J, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16156640
TI Dynamic Simulation of Energy Scenarios in the Transition to Sustainable
   Mobility in the Ecuadorian Transport Sector
AU Atiaja J; Arroyo F; Hidalgo V; Erazo J; Remache A; Bravo D
TC 5
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB in ecuador , the growth of the transportation sector has significantly
   increased greenhouse gas emissions . according to experts , this sector
   currently contributes to 49.8 % of total greenhouse gas emissions in this
   country . this poses significant challenges for environmental sustainability
   , emphasizing the urgent need for effective strategies to mitigate these
   emissions and promote environmentally friendly practices . therefore , this
   study focuses on developing a dynamic simulation of energy scenarios for the
   year 2035 in the transportation sector , with the goal of transitioning to
   sustainable mobility , as fossil fuels are the main pollutants in the
   country . this study proposes system dynamics models using vensim 6.0b
   software to estimate the total energy demand and pollutant emissions in the
   transportation sector . the results suggest that if ecuador aligns with
   global mobility trends and implements public policies promoting the use of
   electric vehicles , total co2 emissions could potentially decrease from
   50,161,432 kilobarrels of oil equivalent ( kboe ) to 20,589,720 kboe by the
   year 2035 .
DE dynamic simulation; energy demand; pollutant emissions; transport sector;
   sustainable mobility
ID vehicles

---

UT 458
AR Rojas-Palacios MN, 2022, ING COMPET, V24, DOI 10.25100/iyc.24i1.10986
TI Dynamic simulation of the benefits applying a coordination mechanism in a
   small agricultural producers decentralized supply chain
AU Rojas-Palacios MN; Paredes-Rodríguez AM; Peña-Orozco DL
TC 1
SO ING COMPET
PY 2022
AB the backup agreements are established between the supplier and the buyer to
   regulate the purchase of a good or service . the contract constitutes a
   backup inventory for the final purchase order and strengthens the commercial
   relationship between buyer and seller . the contract acts as a coordination
   mechanism in which parameters such as price , quantity , quality , and time
   are considered to improve the integration and coordination of the flows of
   resources , income , and information in the supply chain . on the other hand
   , in a decentralized supply chain , small producers represent the echelon
   with the lowest profit generated their economic activity , so this article
   studies small producers income performance once implemented the backup
   contract , in a decentralized three_echelon small agricultural producers
   supply chain located in the center of valle del cauca . systems dynamics is
   the strategy used for its analysis . variables that affect small producers '
   income performance in the decentralized chain are identified and a causal
   diagram is elaborated . also , two scenarios are studied using forrester
   diagrams : supply chain without a backup contract and a second scenario with
   the implementation of the backup contract . finally , it is simulated in
   vensim software , results are interpreted , and future supply chain
   performance is analyzed .
DE backup contract; coordination mechanisms; decentralized supply chain;
   dynamic simulation; small producers
ID contracts

---

UT 459
AR Rudneva L, 2018, RESOURCES-BASEL, V7, DOI 10.3390/resources7020029
TI Scenario Modelling of the "Green" Economy in an Economic Space
AU Rudneva L; Pchelintseva I; Gureva M
TC 8
SO RESOUR
PY 2018
AB the article utilizes the main elements of system analysis and the bases of
   cognitive science to analyze the concept of the ' ' ecological and economic
   system ' ' . the characteristics of the conceptual elements of the ' ' green
   ' ' economy dynamic model used in the application of cognitive analysis are
   given and their mutual influence is considered . a dynamic model of the ' '
   green ' ' economy is developed , a general extended map and a
   reduced_parametric cognitive map of the development of the ' ' green ' '
   economy in the economic space of the region are constructed . scenario
   modeling of the development of the region ' s ' ' green ' ' economy based on
   the intensification of the influence of one of the cognitive vertices of the
   model on the curve of the development of the ' ' green ' ' economy is
   carried out and described . scenario modeling and development of cognitive
   maps are carried out using the software package vensim personal learning
   edition ( ple ) , which is widely applied in system analysis .
DE green economy; cognitive modeling; cognitive maps; system dynamics; system
   dynamic model; development of the green economy; economic space of the
   region

---

UT 460
AR Martínez-Valderrama J, 2020, SCI PROGRAMMING-NETH, V2020, DOI
   10.1155/2020/9092829
TI AQUACOAST: A Simulation Tool to Explore Coastal Groundwater and Irrigation
   Farming Interactions
AU Martínez-Valderrama J; Ibáñez J; Alcalá FJ
TC 7
SO SCI PROGR
PY 2020
AB in the framework of coastal groundwater_dependent irrigation agriculture ,
   modeling becomes indispensable to know how this renewable resource responds
   to complex ( usually not conceptualized nor monitored ) biophysical , social
   , and economic interactions . friendly user interfaces are essential to
   involve nonmodeling experts in exploiting and improving models . decision
   support systems ( dss ) are software systems that integrate models ,
   databases , or other decision aids and package them in a way that decision
   makers can use . this paper addresses these two issues : firstly with the
   implementation of a system dynamics ( sd ) model in vensim software that
   considers the integration of hydrological , agronomic , and economic drivers
   and secondly with the design of a venapp , push_button interfaces that allow
   users access to a vensim model without going through the vensim modeling
   environment . the prototype designed , the aquacoast tool , gives an idea of
   the possibilities of this type of models to identify and analyze the impact
   of apparently unrelated factors such as the prices of cultivated products ,
   subsidies or exploitation costs on the advance of saltwater intrusion , and
   the great threat to coastal groundwater_dependent irrigation agriculture
   systems .
ID hydrological-economic model; data drylands application; decision-support-
   systems; seawater intrusion; amtoudi oasis; water; dynamics;
   desertification; sustainability; ecosystems

---

UT 461
AR Agyapong-Kodua K, 2011, INT J PROD RES, V49, P2143, DOI
   10.1080/00207540903436661
TI Systems approach to modelling cost and value dynamics in manufacturing
   enterprises
AU Agyapong-Kodua K; Weston RH
TC 11
SO INT J PROD RES
PY 2011
AB operations and activities in manufacturing enterprises ( mes ) are
   undergoing frequent changes as a result of external and internal factors
   which actively impact on the structures , processes and work patterns of
   most mes . these changes induce complexities and dynamics in the survival of
   most mes . as a result of the changes , cost and value generation are also
   affected . to remain competitive , mes have to continuously and flexibly
   adjust through the redesign and organization of their processes and resource
   elements with the aim to improve key performance indicators including cost
   and values . this is however not simple to achieve because of the inherent
   and ongoing dynamics experienced by mes . this paper shows how system
   dynamics modeling techniques , in the form of causal loop and ithink
   simulation , can be coherently used to capture salient factors which induce
   dynamics in mes . the integrated modeling technique was further used to show
   how dynamic impacts of mes on cost and value generation can be conveniently
   modeled and analyzed to support decision making related to competitiveness
   and profitability of a case study furniture manufacturing company .
DE manufacturing enterprise ( me ); cost and value dynamics; causal loop
   modeling ( clm ); simulation modeling ( sm )
ID information-sources; support

---

UT 462
AR Min S, 2025, IND ENG MANAG SYST, V24, P29, DOI 10.7232/iems.2025.24.1.029
TI A Study on Determining Decoupling Points in Military Supply Chains for
   Uncertainty Mitigation
AU Min S; Kim T; Moon S
TC 0
SO IND ENG MANAG SYST
PY 2025
AB a decoupling point is a boundary where inventory_holding activities ( push )
   and demand_responding activities ( pull ) meet in the supply chain . this
   study employs simulation_based decision_making to determine the most
   suitable de coupling points to preserve maximum combat capabilities while
   mitigating future demand shocks within the military supply chain . the
   ground ammunition supply chain model of the republic of korea air force (
   rokaf ) with three levels ( echelons ) is constructed . then , a simulated
   case study is performed using the system dynamics_based vensim simulation
   software to determine relevant decoupling points . in this case study , a
   situation is set up where the demand for ammunition spikes during a war .
   through the total cost approach , it is concluded that the optimal strategy
   involves distributing an ideal amount of inventory to both the customer
   access points and the intermediate echelon . this study has significant
   implications for supply chain decision_makers as it establishes the supply
   chain structure for anticipating uncertainties such as war solely by
   adjusting the location of the decoupling point through future_oriented
   decision making rather than relying on historical demand data .
DE decoupling point; military supply chain management; inventory location;
   uncertainty mitigation
ID vendor

---

UT 463
AR Zhang C, 2022, INT J TECHNOL WEB ENG, V17, DOI 10.4018/IJITWE.314569
TI Autocorrelation Regression Model Analysis and Selection of Cross-Border RMB
   Settlement From 2011 to 2020
AU Zhang C; Hu N; Yan Q
TC 1
SO INT J TECHNOL WEB ENG
PY 2022
AB with china ' s continuous opening to the outside world , changes in the
   international environment and the operation of the cross_border rmb
   settlement system ( cips ) , the scale of cross_border rmb settlement has
   fluctuated continuously . in response to this phenomenon , the authors
   collected and sorted out the total amount of rmb cross_border settlement and
   payments from 2011 to 2020 time sequence data in china , then use five ar
   models including arma , garch ( 1.1 ) , egarch ( 1.1 ) , parch ( 1.1 ) , and
   carch ( 1.1 ) to fit . the experimental results show that the four
   autocorrelation models all prove that the cross_border rmb settlement has
   autocorrelation relationship , and the long_term trend continues to grow up
   . according to the precision and accuracy of the five models , the arma
   model equation is one optimal prediction equation . on the basis of the arma
   model equation , and the establishment of the vensim system dynamics
   simulation model , the scale of china ' s cross_border rmb settlement in the
   next 10 years is predicted .
DE autocorrelation regression model; cross-border rmb; simulation prediction

---

UT 464
AR Mehrjerdi YZ, 2020, SN APPL SCI, V2, DOI 10.1007/s42452-020-03203-1
TI Dynamic analysis of health-related factors with its impacts on economic
   growth
AU Mehrjerdi YZ; Alemzadeh R; Hajimoradi A
TC 3
SO SN APPL SCI
PY 2020
AB the largest capital of a country is its human resources . given that iran is
   one of the richest countries in terms of human resources , economic growth
   of the country depends upon the performance and efficiency of its human
   resources . special attention should be paid to the health of the society ,
   especially the workforce . health is one of the factors that can play a
   major role in enhancing productivity by reducing staff absenteeism due to
   illness as well as increasing concentration of staff , improving performance
   and ultimately enhancing staff productivity . it can provide for better and
   better production and services in the country , followed by growth and
   prosperity . the purpose of the present study is to investigate the impacts
   of health_related factors on economic growth of the country . because of the
   complexity of the problem , we have used system dynamics approach to model
   problem . the model was simulated using vensim computer software , and the
   results showed that by increasing the per capita exercise among the people
   of the country as well as improving the nutrition habit contribution to the
   long_term economic growth of the country while improving the country ' s
   health can occur .
DE dynamics; health; economic-growth; human resources; productivity

---

UT 465
AR Zhai WJ, 2024, KSCE J CIV ENG, V28, P6001, DOI 10.1007/s12205-024-2673-0
TI A Network Governance Model for Enhancing Socially Responsible Collective
   Action in Mega Water Transfer Projects
AU Zhai WJ; Ling FYY; Ding JY; Wang ZF
TC 0
SO KSCE J CIV ENG
PY 2024
AB megaprojects need to be developed in a socially responsible manner as they
   may otherwise , like some mega water transfer ( mwt ) projects , because
   ecological damage , environmental pollution , labor conflict , and other
   problems . socially responsible collective action ( srca ) can be measured
   through intentions to take collective action ( internal driving mechanisms )
   and behaviors to engage in collective action ( external driving mechanisms )
   . this research aims to develop and validate a network governance model to
   explore how srca , in the context of mwt projects , is enhanced . data were
   collected from 365 respondents involved in mwt projects via an online survey
   . system dynamics ( sd ) was used to establish the system flow diagram model
   . thereafter , vensim ple software was used to perform simulation and
   sensitivity analyzes of the model . the results demonstrate that the network
   governance model explains how to enhance the srca of stakeholders in mwt
   projects . the main findings indicate that external driving mechanisms
   positively impact the srca during the entire project lifecycle , with values
   fluctuating around the initial level from the early to the mid_late stages ,
   with small fluctuation . internal driving mechanisms also positively impact
   srca , with values continuously increasing from the early to the mid_late
   stage .
DE mega water transfer ( mwt ) projects; network governance theory; external
   driving mechanisms; internal driving mechanisms; socially responsible
   collective action ( srca )
ID corporate reputation; performance; management; dynamics; behaviors;
   participation; motivations

---

UT 466
AR Goudarzi Z, 2024, DARU, V32, P25, DOI 10.1007/s40199-023-00483-x
TI Towards greater impact in health technology assessment: System dynamic
   approach for new and emerging technologies in Iran
AU Goudarzi Z; Marzaleh MA; Nikfar S; Kebriaeezadeh A; Zenouz RY; Abdollahiasl
   A; Nouhi M
TC 1
SO DARU
PY 2024
AB purposeas classical health technology assessment models fail to predict the
   complexities of related impacts , the application of modeling techniques
   such as systems dynamics simulation ( sd ) is essential . this study aimed
   to develop an sd model to predict the outcomes of access to a new medicine
   in iran . methodsthis study extracted the important and influential
   variables in providing access to new pharmaceutical technologies by
   comprehensively reviewing previous research and combining the technical
   knowledge of experts in this field . the variables were incorporated into
   the systems thinking framework and modeled using dynamic systems tools ,
   followed by simulation and testing in vensim . the model was piloted for
   deferoxamine and deferasirox in thalassemia . various tests were used to
   evaluate the validity and reliability of the model . the model was designed
   for a ten_year horizon ( 2018_2028 ) for medicines selected as the pilot .
   resultsthe variables extracted from the panel of experts encompassed the
   primary and short_term impacts of access to newly emerged medicine and
   long_term impacts regarding the economy , health , and society . after
   modeling , the leverage points presented for the problem with the greatest
   impact or effectiveness in access to new medicine included the policy
   determining the amount of medicine supply , the import and production of
   medicine , the prevalence and incidence of disease , insurance coverage ,
   and treatment adherence . conclusionthe sd models allow the researchers to
   evaluate the efficiency and health outcomes of a new pharmaceutical more
   precisely in the health system in iran .
DE new medicine; dynamic modeling; health technology assessment; horizon
   scanning
ID cancer; care

---

UT 467
AR Ndubuisi UM, 2025, ENV MODEL ASSESS, DOI 10.1007/s10666-025-10083-5
TI Evaluating the Effect of Adaptation Policies on Crop Yield, Economic Growth
   and Water Resources: A DPSIR-Based Analysis for the Niger River Basin Under
   Shared Socioeconomic Pathways-Representative Concentration Pathways (SSP-
   RCPS) (2014-2100)
AU Ndubuisi UM; Guipponi C
TC 0
SO ENV MODEL ASSESS
PY 2025
AB climate change poses significant threats to agricultural productivity and
   water resources in vulnerable regions like the niger river basin ( nrb ) .
   this study evaluates the impacts of climate change and adaptation strategies
   on crop yield , economic growth , and water resources in the nrb section in
   nigeria under five shared socioeconomic pathway_representative concentration
   pathway ( ssp_rcp ) scenarios ( 2014_2100 ) . using an improved dpsir (
   driving forces , pressures , states , impacts , and responses ) framework
   implemented in vensim ple 10.2.2 , we integrated climate projections ,
   agronomic responses , and policy interventions to assess system dynamics .
   three adaptation pathways which include irrigated cropland expansion ,
   afforestation , and mixed approaches were evaluated , revealing that
   aggressive interventions could restore yields to low_emission ( ssp1_1.9 )
   levels but at high economic and ecological costs in higher nitrogen
   pollution , but sufficient economic and ecological tradeoffs exist when
   adaptation pathways is combined with mitigation effort , with improvement in
   water use and nitrogen remediation . multi_objective optimization
   prioritized forest_based strategies as optimal for balancing agricultural
   and ecological goals . these findings underscore the critical need for
   integrated mitigation_adaptation policies to enhance climate resilience in
   the nrb .
DE niger river-basin; dpsir model; climate scenario; adaptation pathways
ID smallholder farming systems; climate-change; west-africa; precipitation;
   temperature; extremes

---

UT 468
AR Mbuta DM, 2022, SCI REP, V12, DOI 10.1038/s41598-022-24339-7
TI Household perception and infestation dynamics of bedbugs among residential
   communities and its potential distribution in Africa
AU Mbuta DM; Khamis FM; Sokame BM; Ng'ong'a F; Akutse KS
TC 7
SO SCI REP
PY 2022
AB bedbugs have experienced an extraordinary upsurge in the recent past across
   the world . this cross_sectional study aimed to explore the community
   perception of the pest outbreaks , the population dynamics , and dispersal
   patterns under different habitat systems . a survey was conducted within
   communities in nine counties in kenya , where geographical coordinates of
   the sites of bedbug presence were recorded and maximum entropy distribution
   modeling ( maxent ) was used to map and predict the potentially suitable
   habitat , while system thinking and system dynamics approach with vensim ple
   8.0.9 software was applied to implement bedbug infestation dynamics . our
   results indicated that majority of the respondents had ample knowledge on
   bedbugs and were concerned about the physico_psychologic and socio_economic
   health effects . spatial distribution analysis showed regions in kenya with
   optimal to suitable for bedbug occurrence in the whole country , and similar
   results were found at continental level across africa . furthermore ,
   infestation dynamics results showed a rapid mobility of bedbug from one
   house to another . in terms of management strategies , the models showed
   that the combination of chemical with other control methods was considerably
   much more effective compared to the use of chemical approach only ,
   appointing integrated pest management strategy as a better intervention
   approach in controlling the pest .
ID tropical bed bug; hemiptera cimicidae; cimex-lectularius; virus;
   togaviridae; alphavirus; prediction; resistance; maxent; pests

---

UT 469
AR Tan KS, 2010, BUS PROCESS MANAG J, V16, P871, DOI 10.1108/14637151011076511
TI Sustainable enterprise modelling and simulation in a warehousing context
AU Tan KS; Ahmed MD; Sundaram D
TC 29
SO BUS PROCESS MANAG J
PY 2010
AB purpose_the paper seeks to propose the concept of sustainable enterprise
   simulation models . the social , environmental and economic models are
   developed and simulated using ithink in the context of a warehousing and
   distribution company . design / methodology / approach_the paper has
   leveraged the systems dynamic paradigm to conduct sustainable enterprise
   modeling and ithinke system to implement the models . it uses the design
   science research methodology for the proof of concept of the models and
   modeling processes . the models have been developed for a logistics
   management company and tested in the business settings . these models were
   finalized through a number of revisions and iterations of the design ,
   develop , simulate and test and evaluate . findings_the paper addresses the
   interconnectivity between disparate sustainability dimensions for developing
   the models . the validity and usefulness of the sustainability models for
   the day_to_day decision making has been authenticated by the management of
   the warehousing organization . originality / value_the paper implements
   system dynamics concepts of sustainability modeling and produces models of
   various sustainability dimensions which are original in nature and evolution
   . while the domain in which sustainable enterprise modeling was carried out
   was warehousing , the concepts and principles that were explored , developed
   and validated is applicable across most enterprises .
DE modeling; sustainable development; warehousing

---

UT 470
AR Liu K, 2024, SAF SCI, V173, DOI 10.1016/j.ssci.2024.106442
TI Study on construction safety management in megaprojects from the perspective
   of resilient governance
AU Liu K; Liu YM; Kou YY
TC 35
SO SAF SCI
PY 2024
AB the interior and exterior environments of megaprojects are extremely complex
   and construction safety has long been a concern . however , effective
   prevention , response and adaptation of construction safety incidents
   remains difficult . therefore , this study uses the construction safety
   accident process as an entry point to construct an indicator system of
   construction safety impact factors for megaprojects based on a resilient
   governance perspective . the entropy_weighted topsis method is used to
   assign weights to the influence factors , and a system dynamics model for
   building safety for megaprojects is developed . moreover , the vensim
   software was used to simulate the pattern of the influence of different
   factors on construction safety under different conditions . the findings
   suggest that optimizing and enhancing institutional resilience ,
   organizational resilience , engineering resilience , technological
   resilience , and infrastructural resilience in megaprojects can improve the
   ability to prevent , respond to , and adapt to construction safety incidents
   . engineering resilience ( 27.28 % ) and technological resilience ( 21.72 %
   ) are the most important and have the strongest effect on preventing and
   controlling construction safety risks . moreover , degrading the complexity
   of construction safety risks and real_time adjustment of safety risk control
   strategies through resilient means can reduce risk management delays and
   effectively improve the efficiency of construction safety management .
DE construction safety; megaprojects; resilient governance; dynamic system
ID health; community; climate; cities; system; delay

---

UT 471
AR Mo HP, 2022, MATH PROBL ENG, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/5506338
TI Partner Matching Mechanism of Hainan Cold Chain Logistics Based on
   Multiobjective Optimization
AU Mo HP; Deng C; Chen YT; Huang YC
TC 4
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2022
AB with the sustained and rapid development of the economy , the food
   consumption structure has changed correspondingly and the market of cold and
   fresh products has developed rapidly , which puts forward the matching of
   cold chain logistics . under the background of the construction of the belt
   and road and the pilot_free trade zone , the organic integration of the
   fresh agricultural products market and industry in hainan is facing
   opportunities and challenges . in particular , in_depth research on the
   design and planning of the entire logistics system has not been carried out
   and the research on the distribution vehicle routing problem is still in the
   initial stage . this paper combs the relevant policies of cold chain
   logistics development in hainan province . given the imperfect system , the
   lack of policy guarantee measures , and the lack of regionality of the
   policy objective system , this paper puts forward some suggestions for
   improvement . the effective inventory control model of hainan fresh
   agricultural products under cold chain logistics is explored by using the
   inventory management theory and the related theory of system dynamics . the
   simulation is carried out by using vensim software , which provides a
   reference for improving the status of cold chain logistics of fresh
   agricultural products in hainan . by saving funds , the profits of cold and
   fresh products are increased and the market competitiveness is improved .
ID fresh agricultural products; low-carbon; perspective; location

---

UT 472
AR Quintero C, 2020, CIENC ING, V41, P175
TI Modeling water balance using variable crop coefficient for the
   evapotranspiration sub procces
AU Quintero C; Ablan M; Sarmiento L
TC 0
SO CIENC ING
PY 2020
AB in this work , a water balance model was assembled , taking into
   consideration the main subprocesses involved in the water balance such as :
   evapotranspiration , runoff , drainage , interception and infiltration . to
   do this is , we have a database from mixteque ' s town located in the rangel
   municipality in the state of merida , which has climatic , edaphic and water
   process records in potato agroecosystems . the datset is referred to a
   potato growing cycle . the model is developed with vensim simulation
   software , based on an environment of system dynamics . the evaluation was
   done by contrasting the series of simulated values versus the data , in the
   subprocesses of : water content in the soil , drainage and runoff , this was
   done thanks to the fact that a module was incorporated into the model ,
   which allows verifying the adjustment of the simulated values versus the
   series of data , through the percentage of the mean square error , having as
   an advantage , that can be identified , the possible deficiencies for its
   subsequent improvement . on the other hand , the percentage of the mean
   square error in the water content in the soil yielded an average value of 12
   % which can be considered as a good simulation . additionally , this model
   has the autonomy of being able to modify the equations that govern the
   different threads , consequently , it can be adapted to different scenarios
   to which it is initially designed .
DE water balance; system dynamics; models; evapotranspiration; simulation

---

UT 473
AR Akinmoladun A, 2026, ENERGY, V11, DOI 10.1016/j.nxener.2026.100529
TI Comparative assessment of potential for plus-energy buildings: A case study
   of cities in North Dakota, United States
AU Akinmoladun A; Ajao A; Oni BA; Tomomewo O
TC 0
SO ENERGY
PY 2026
AB plus_energy buildings ( pebs ) are gaining importance in the pursuit of
   climate neutrality . the proportion of solar energy as a renewable energy
   source is also increasing . this article assesses the practicality of pebs
   and appropriate installation angles to ensure optimal performance of the
   photovoltaic ( pv ) panels in the cold climate of north dakota , united
   states . in the evaluated scenarios , with appropriate sizing of the pv and
   a reduction in energy consumption profile , the contribution ratios are
   above 1.0 , and a peb could be achieved in the study locations . the result
   shows that the annual amount of electrical demand covered by pv power output
   varies from 42 % to 67 % according to the seasonal variations of pv_load
   correlation . additionally , there was an annual energy autonomy of 40 % ,
   satisfactory load_matching indices , and approximately a 40 % decrease in
   global warming potentials . due to north dakota ' s lower levels of solar
   radiation , the building ' s energy balance is negative throughout the
   winter . this work highlights the significance of the system dynamics ( sd )
   approach in establishing the energy interaction between the building , grid
   , and pv modeling using local climatic conditions in vensim software . the
   study contributes to the literature by examining the adequacy of solar
   energy in cold climates and appropriate scenarios for building to achieve
   peb using an sd approach . finally , we present future research priorities
   to promote the adoption of pebs .
DE plus-energy building; plus-energy district; load matching; grid interaction
ID photovoltaic systems; performance; optimization; design

---

UT 474
AR Kramarz M, 2015, LOGFORUM, V11, P99, DOI 10.17270/J.LOG.2015.1.9
TI GATHERING KNOWLEDGE ABOUT DISRUPTIONS IN MATERIAL FLOW IN NETWORK SUPPLY
   CHAIN
AU Kramarz M; Kramarz W
TC 4
SO LOGFORUM
PY 2015
AB background : the article aims at presenting a study into disruptions in a
   network supply chain of metallurgic products . the research was carried out
   in the years 2011_2013. network supply chains include key chain links for
   building the resistance . these chain links affect material flows of the
   whole supply chain through silencing disruptions . those predisposed to form
   a strategy strengthening the resistance of the whole network supply chain
   are organizations fulfilling the assumptions of flagship enterprise .
   material and methods : the research is carried out in two stages : the stage
   of identification of disruptions ( risk factors ) and the stage of
   identification of strengthening disruptions zones . the authors carried out
   simulation experiments based on three models built in the management system
   dynamics technique ( vensimdss ) . the proposed methodology required
   constructing original tools for measuring disruptions and zones
   strengthening the disruptions in the form of cards for measuring disruptions
   . results : the value added is grouping of disruptions in risk factors
   distinguished in terms of the frequency of the occurrence of disruptions and
   their results . the authors proposed and defined the notion of zones of
   strengthening disruptions . the zones are formed from sets of factors
   strengthening disruptions with similar influence on disruptions .
   conclusions : the it system composed of a module for identification of
   disruptions in material flows and a simulation model is a proposal dedicated
   to organizations controlling material flows in a network supply chain in the
   conditions of disruptions .
DE gathering knowledge; flagship enterprise; network supply chain; disruptions

---

UT 475
AR Yan HS, 2011, EUR J OPER RES, V208, P243, DOI 10.1016/j.ejor.2010.09.005
TI Competitive diffusion process of repurchased products in knowledgeable
   manufacturing
AU Yan HS; Ma KP
TC 24
SO EUR J OPER RES
PY 2011
AB this paper presents a diffusion model to explain the competitive diffusion
   of the repurchased products in knowledgeable manufacturing the acute market
   competition accelerates the products improvement which requires that the
   manufacturing enterprises be highly capable of rapid reaction by means of
   knowledgeable manufacturing to forecast the diffusion behavior effectively
   enables the realization of knowledgeable manufacturing system ( kms ) which
   targets t ( time ) q ( quality ) c ( cost ) s ( service ) and e (
   environment ) various diffusion models have emerged since bass model was
   firstly proposed in 1969 a nonlinear model of the repurchased competitive
   products is proposed on the basis of the product diffusion analysis by
   taking the frequently purchased products as example the stability of the
   model is examined in light of the qualitative theory of differential
   equations and proved by the approximate linearization method as the
   qualitative analysis reveals between the two frequently purchased products
   competing in the same market one undoubtedly occupies a fixed market share
   while the other may finally be eliminated from the market a special case of
   the problem is that both products are one_time_purchased with the
   corresponding model given the qualitative analysis shows that either of the
   products occupies a market share the size of which is determined by the
   product s competitive strength and the new product s time_to_market a system
   dynamics model is then established and simulated by vensim the result is
   consistent with that of the qualitative analysis ( c ) 2010 elsevier b v all
   rights reserved
DE marketing; productivity and competitiveness; competitive diffusion;
   knowledgeable manufacturing; stability
ID model; innovation; information

---

UT 476
AR Martínez-Valderrama J, 2020, SCI PROGRAMMING-NETH, V2020, DOI
   10.1155/2020/7563928
TI SAT: A Software for Assessing the Risk of Desertification in Spain
AU Martínez-Valderrama J; Ibáñez J; Alcalá FJ; Martínez S
TC 12
SO SCI PROGR
PY 2020
AB desertification is a major global environmental issue exacerbated by climate
   change . strategies to combat desertification include prevention which seeks
   to reverse the process before the system reaches the stable desertified
   state . one of these initiatives is to implement early warning tools . this
   paper presents sat ( the spanish acronym for early warning system ) , a
   decision support system ( dss ) , for assessing the risk of desertification
   in spain , where 20 % of the land has already been desertified and 1 % is in
   active degradation . satrelies on three versions of a generic
   desertification model ( gdm ) that integrates economics and ecology under
   the predator_prey paradigm . the models have been programmed using vensim ,
   a type of software used to build and simulate system dynamics ( sd ) models
   . through visual basic programming , these models are operated from the
   excel environment . in addition to the basic simulation exercises ,
   specially designed tools have been coupled to assess the risk of
   desertification and determine the ranking of the most influential factors of
   the process . the users targeted by sat are government land_use planners as
   well as desertification experts . sat tool is implemented for five case
   studies , each one of them representing a desertification syndrome
   identified in spain . given the general nature of the tool and the fact that
   all united nations convention to combat desertification ( unccd ) signatory
   countries are committed to developing their national plans to combat
   desertification ( npcd ) , sat could be exported to regions threatened by
   desertification and expanded to cover more case studies .
ID hydrological-economic model; data drylands application; decision-support-
   systems; land-use change; amtoudi oasis; stability; degradation;
   overexploitation; sustainability; methodology

---

UT 477
AR Wang WB, 2021, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/2877467
TI Dynamic Modeling and Simulation of How Information Sharing Influences Supply
   Chain Performance
AU Wang WB; Chi RY
TC 1
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2021
AB with the growing intensity of cooperation , the partners in the
   manufacturing supply chain ( sc ) raise stricter requirements for
   information sharing ( is ) within the sc , which has been an effective
   capability to improve the performance of manufacturing sc . to reveal the
   influence of is on sc performance , this paper firstly carries out a
   theoretical analysis on the influencing factors of is , sc integration and
   sc performance , and builds a theoretical model of the is ' s impacting on
   sc performance . next , valid index data were obtained by investigating
   typical manufacturing enterprises in yangtze river delta region of china .
   then , according to the dynamics system flow of is influence on sc
   performance , the proposed theoretical model would be modeled from system
   dynamics and simulated by vensim ple software . the results show that is
   among manufacturing sc nodes enhances the sc performance via sc integration
   . when sc integration is suitable for is , sc performance will be improved
   as long as the is amount is greater than zero . however , excessive is would
   reduce the quality and weaken the amount of is . overall , the degree of is
   and sc integration are the key to better sc performance . this implies that
   how to improve is among sc partners is a very important thing in
   manufacturing sc management . and , it also enlightens that enterprise
   managers should pay attention to establish a high_level trust relationship
   with sc partners , achieve high_quality is with a wider range , and then
   promote the sc system more integrated to improve its operational performance
   .
ID impact; quality

---

UT 478
AR Hussain M, 2011, INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG, V41, P972, DOI
   10.1108/09600031111185248
TI Analysis of the bullwhip effect with order batching in multi-echelon supply
   chains
AU Hussain M; Drake PR
TC 18
SO INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG
PY 2011
AB purpose_the purpose of this paper is to understand the effect of batching on
   bullwhip effect in a model of multi_echelon supply chain with information
   sharing . design / methodology / approach_the model uses the system dynamics
   and control theoretic concepts of variables , flows and feedback processes
   and is implemented using ithink ( r ) software . findings_it has been seen
   that the relationship between batch size and demand amplification is
   non_monotonic . large batch sizes , that when combined in integer multiples
   can produce order rates that are close to the actual demand , produce little
   demand amplification , i . e . it is the size of the remainder of the
   quotient that is the determinant . it is further noted that the value of
   information sharing is greatest for smaller batch sizes , for which there is
   a much greater improvement in the amplification ratio . research limitations
   / implications_batching is associated with the inventory holding and backlog
   cost . therefore , future work should investigate the cost implications of
   order batching in multi_echelon supply chains . practical implications_this
   is a contribution to the continuing research into the bullwhip effect ,
   giving supply chain operations managers and designers a practical way into
   controlling the bullwhip produced by batching across multi_echelon supply
   chains . originality / value_previous similar studies have used control
   theoretic techniques and it has been pointed out that control theorists are
   unable to solve the lot sizing problem . therefore , system dynamic
   simulation has been applied to investigate the impact of various batch sizes
   on bullwhip effect .
DE supply chain management; batch size; batch processing; bullwhip effect;
   batching; information sharing; multi-echelon supply chain; simulation
ID inventory; demand; impact; simulation; stability; dynamics; behavior; system

---

UT 479
AR Jurjevic M, 2024, J MAR SCI ENG, V12, DOI 10.3390/jmse12071218
TI Simulation Model of Hydraulic System States for Ship Cranes
AU Jurjevic M
TC 3
SO J MAR SCI ENG
PY 2024
AB the aim of this research is to devise a continuous simulation model for
   predicting ship crane failures to increase their reliability and reduce
   unplanned downtime during cargo loading and unloading operations . to
   predict the condition of the hydraulic system , a database from the galiot
   software package was used for carrying out maintenance on cranes at m / v '
   ' o ' ' over a period of 120,000 working hours . in the research , fault
   tree analysis ( fta ) was used to identify causal relationships between
   system failures and basic events , while the markov mathematical model was
   used to model the system state and predict transitions between different
   failure states . a system dynamics simulation model was developed to
   simulate the behavior of a system using powersim powersim constructor 2.5. d
   ( 4002 ) , and regression analysis was performed to analyze the simulation
   results and understand the relationships between dependent and independent
   variables . the results show that a model for predicting failures in the
   hydraulic motors and pumps of ship cranes was developed , and the markov
   model makes it possible to estimate the frequency of transitions between
   states under the condition that the sum of reliability equals one . the
   simulation model shows high reliability of the cranes and a constant
   frequency of failures throughout the 120,000 operating hours , while the
   regression analysis confirms the validity of the simulation model and shows
   a strong correlation between the analyzed variables . these models are used
   to improve the planning of ship crane maintenance , reduce unplanned
   downtime , and predict and promptly detect failures , which overall
   minimizes maintenance costs and failures .
DE ship cranes; system reliability; fault tree analysis ( fta ); markov model;
   simulation model; galiot software package
ID dynamic reliability

---

UT 480
AR Mishra MK, 2015, ENERGY STRATEG REV, V7, P29, DOI 10.1016/j.esr.2015.03.001
TI Scenario analysis of the CO2 emissions reduction potential through clean
   coal technology in India's power sector: 2014-2050
AU Mishra MK; Khare N; Agrawal AB
TC 37
SO ENERGY STRATEG REV
PY 2015
AB the aim of this study is to explore the co2 emission reduction potential
   through clean coal technology in india ' s power sector . a simulation model
   of india ' s coal_fired power sector based on system dynamics methodology (
   vensim dss platform ) investigates three growth scenarios for coal_fired
   plants until the year 2050 . three further scenarios consider the market
   penetration of clean coal technology to investigate co2 emission reduction
   until 2050 for each of the growth scenarios . our analysis indicates that
   clean coal technology has significant potential for reducing co2 emissions
   from india ' s power sector by accelerating the development of clean coal
   technology . the future coal demand and coal import requirements for india
   under different growth scenarios of coal_fired power plants have also been
   estimated in this study . the study suggests that coal demand and
   importation from india will increase at a faster pace in the coming decades
   . according to ipcc ' s latest assessment report , co2 emissions must be
   reduced by between 40 % and 70 % by 2050 from the 2010 level to limit the
   global temperature rise to two degrees centigrade relative to pre_industrial
   levels . projected carbon emissions in this work from india ' s coalfired
   power plants would exceed their share in global emissions assumed in the
   ipcc ' s latest assessment . our model simulation indicates that only co2
   capture and storage have the potential to reduce the emissions level from
   india ' s coal_fired plants to the desired level in the report . ( c ) 2015
   elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .

---

UT 481
AR Brewster RK, 2019, HUM-WILDL INTERACT, V13, P400
TI Cost-benefit analysis of coyote removal as a management option in Texas
   cattle ranching
AU Brewster RK; Henke SE; Turner BL; Tomecek JM; Ortega-S A
TC 1
SO HUM-WILDL INTERACT
PY 2019
AB the monetary value of livestock losses attributed to coyote ( canis latrans
   ) predation in north america has increased during the past 20 years . in
   texas , usa alone in 2011 , these loses were estimated at $ 6.9 million . to
   mitigate coyote_related livestock losses , several lethal and nonlethal
   control methods have been developed . however , there remains a need for
   better information to guide management decisions regarding cost_effective
   predator control strategies for livestock production systems . we acquired
   data , which was used in the model , from published literature from 1960 to
   present day , subject matter experts , and anecdotal information on coyote
   ecology . we developed a systems dynamics simulation model to evaluate the
   economic impact of coyote control on an average_sized cattle ( bos spp . )
   operation ( 1,000 ha ) for a conceptual 10_year period in texas . we
   conducted a sensitivity analyzes to validate the model and identify the most
   sensitive parameters . we tested 88 scenarios using common coyote management
   methods ( i . e . , aerial gunning , m_44 devices , snares , livestock guard
   animals ( lgas ) , calling and shooting , and foothold traps ) ,
   combinations of multiple management methods , and number of applications per
   year ( once per year , twice per year , continuous ) . several management
   methods were cost effective at reducing calf predation when applied
   sparingly and under assumptions of skillful and dedicated application of
   coyote control methods . the most cost_effective method of coyote control to
   reduce calf depredation was the combined use of snares and lgas . when
   applied 1 month prior to the primary calving month , the snare / lga
   combination showed an 81 % decrease in overall costs of calf loss and
   predator management during the 10_year period , respectively . cost
   effectiveness of methods deteriorated as the number of applications per year
   increased . while these are useful results , the intangible values of
   coyotes through grazing benefits ( i . e . , fewer prey species such as
   lagomorphs on the landscape to compete for forage with cattle ) and
   ecological benefits ( i . e . , mitigation of meso_predator release ) were
   not included in the model . however , these benefits should be considered by
   ranchers before implementing lethal coyote management .
DE bos spp; canis-latrans; cattle depredation; control; cost-benefit; coyote;
   removal; texas; vensim
ID relative vulnerability; canis-latrans; predation; depredations; wolf

---

UT 482
AR Marín-González O, 2018, AGRIC SYST, V164, P152, DOI
   10.1016/j.agsy.2018.02.005
TI Building and evaluation of a dynamic model for assessing impact of
   smallholder endowments on food security in agricultural systems in highland
   areas of central America (SASHACA)
AU Marín-González O; Parsons D; Arnes-Prieto E; Díaz-Ambrona CGH
TC 8
SO AGRIC SYST
PY 2018
AB smallholder agricultural systems have an important role in world food
   production . agricultural smallholders in highland areas of the mesoamerican
   dry_corridor are central to improve farming systems . the key issue is that
   the subsistence smallholders are joint producer_consumers , with
   insufficient food production due to extreme environmental and weather
   conditions or incomes to supplement their own production from market sources
   . modeling offers an approach for testing and improving knowledge about
   complex systems . the aim of this paper is to describe and assess a
   biophysical and socio_economic model of the smallholder agricultural systems
   based on maize_bean intercropping in highland areas of central america . a
   vensim ( r ) dss system dynamics model was developed for assessing the
   impact of smallholder endowments on food security and to identify critical
   points to achieve sustainable food security and poverty alleviation in
   agricultural systems in highland areas of central america ( sashaca ) . the
   sashaca model integrates scientific and practical knowledge of crop
   management , labor , soil water content , soil nitrogen , food consumption
   and economic components of the system . model evaluation was conducted
   through a wide set of tests for assessment of dynamic models and statistical
   comparison of simulated versus observed data derived from surveys . the
   model simulates realistic outputs and presents logical behavioral
   representation . the maximum relative uncertainty of output variables ranged
   from 30 % to 53 % for univariate and multivariate sensitivity analyzes
   respectively . the model proved to be adequate for assessing food security
   under scenarios in low data availability areas . the sashaca model could be
   adapted to simulate a wide range of smallholder agricultural systems in
   highland areas of central america , and potentially in other locations .
DE bean; intercropping; maize; modelling nutrition; sustainable development
ID simulation-models; senegal river; crop; management; poverty; soils; kenya

---

UT 483
AR Hussain M, 2011, INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG, V41, P797, DOI
   10.1108/09600031111166438
TI Analysis of the bullwhip effect with order batching in multi-echelon supply
   chains
AU Hussain M; Drake PR
TC 30
SO INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG
PY 2011
AB purpose_the purpose of this paper is to analyze the effect of batching on
   bullwhip effect in a model of multi_echelon supply chain with information
   sharing . design / methodology / approach_the model uses the system dynamics
   and control theoretic concepts of variables , flows , and feedback processes
   and is implemented using ithink ( r ) software . findings_it has been seen
   that the relationship between batch size and demand amplification is
   non_monotonic . large batch sizes , when combined in integer multiples , can
   produce order rates that are close to the actual demand and produce little
   demand amplification , i . e . it is the size of the remainder of the
   quotient that is the determinant . it is further noted that the value of
   information sharing is greatest for smaller batch sizes , for which there is
   a much greater improvement in the amplification ratio . research limitations
   / implications_batching is associated with the inventory holding and backlog
   cost . therefore , future work should investigate the cost implications of
   order batching in multi_echelon supply chains . practical implications_this
   is a contribution to the continuing research into the bullwhip effect ,
   giving supply chain operations managers and designers a practical way into
   controlling the bullwhip produced by batching across multi_echelon supply
   chains . economies of scale processes usually favor large batch sizes .
   reducing batch size in order to reduce the demand amplification is not a
   good solution . originality / value_previous similar studies have used
   control theoretic techniques and it has been pointed out that control
   theorists are unable to solve the lot sizing problem . therefore , system
   dynamic simulation is then applied to investigate the impact of various
   batch sizes on bullwhip effect .
DE bullwhip effect; batching; information sharing; multi-echelon supply chain;
   simulation; supply chain management; inventory management
ID inventory; demand; simulation; impact; multiproduct; dynamics; behavior;
   system

---

UT 484
AR Hao JLJ, 2010, ENG CONSTR ARCHIT MA, V17, P476, DOI
   10.1108/09699981011074574
TI Dynamic modeling of construction and demolition waste management processes
   An empirical study in Shenzhen, China
AU Hao JLJ; Tam VWY; Yuan HP; Wang JY; Li JR
TC 25
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2010
AB purpose_the aim of this paper is to develop a model based on system dynamics
   ( sd ) approach , which integrates three subsystems for simulating
   construction and demolition ( c and d ) waste management in shenzhen ,
   mainland china . d design / methodology / approach_sd approach was first
   used to construct the model for c and d waste management in shenzhen . the
   model was then converted for running on computer through the software
   package ' ' ithink ' ' , which was specifically designed for sd modeling .
   the data required for model simulation was derived through various ways ,
   including literature review , examination of official reports and yearbooks
   , and questionnaires . after all the parameters in the model were determined
   , simulation was carried out . findings_the model proposed in this research
   can provide an experimental simulation platform to investigate the
   complexity and interdependencies of factors in managing c and d waste in
   shenzhen , mainland china . the simulation results show that the pressing
   situation of c and d waste management in shenzhen would aggravate if no
   effective measures were taken to address it during the simulation period .
   participants ' active participation and cost consideration are the two major
   factors affecting c and d waste reduction . furthermore , new landfills
   should be planned to properly handle the c and d waste accumulated in
   shenzhen over the past few years . originality / value_although some studies
   have been conducted under the topic of c and d waste management during the
   past few years in shenzhen_how to effectively and efficiently handle the
   waste is still unsolved . factors affecting the effectiveness of c and d
   waste management have separately been examined in the previous studies ,
   without considering their interrelations . the sd_based model is developed
   in this research to investigate the complex and interdependent relationships
   among these factors . the model can deepen participants ' understandings
   about c and d waste management and help explore the major factors affecting
   the effectiveness of management activities . the measures , which are
   proposed based on the simulation results , can serve as a valuable reference
   for planning c and d waste management in shenzhen .
DE simulation; construction engineering; waste management; china
ID system

---

UT 485
AR Yousefi S, 2022, INT J ENV SCI TECHNOL, V19, P10691, DOI
   10.1007/s13762-022-04469-1
TI Designing an investment model and developing irrigation systems for
   sustainable management of water resources using a dynamic systems approach
AU Yousefi S; Mirdamadi SM; Hosseini SJF; Lashgarara F
TC 1
SO INT J ENV SCI TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB unsustainable groundwater management in iran threatens the agriculture
   sector and food security because 62 % of the country ' s lands are irrigated
   through groundwater , while the irrigation efficiency of this sector is low
   ( 35 % ) . therefore , it is necessary to manage groundwater level . this
   study was conducted aimed to achieve the sustainability of water resources
   in west azerbaijan province using system dynamics approach . using
   statistical data of previous years ( 1991_2018 ) , the model was developed
   by vensim software . after testing the model and ensuring its efficiency ,
   scenarios of investment and development of irrigation systems to improve the
   annual irrigation efficiency by 0.5 % were introduced to the model and
   implemented in order to investigate the effectiveness of other scenarios
   such as enhancing population ( fertility stability with rate of 2.11
   children , reduction in fertility with fertility rate of 1.95 children ,
   reduction in fertility with fertility rate of 1.5 children and increase in
   fertility with fertility rate of 2.6 children ) and climate ( normal
   precipitation , _20 % and + 20 % ) , low_water use crop pattern , 20 %
   reduction in area under cultivation , participation and educational
   scenarios in combination in the model . according to the study results ,
   with the continuation of the current crop pattern under all population
   scenarios and precipitation , agricultural water demand from groundwater is
   constantly increasing and water supply is reducing . the scenario of
   development of irrigation systems in combination with other research
   scenarios , with a reduction by 48.23 % in the demand for agricultural water
   from groundwater increased available groundwater under drought ( _20 % of
   precipitation ) 3.05 times , in normal precipitation 1.59 times and by
   increasing precipitation ( + 20 % ) 1.07 times by 2051 . under these
   scenarios , with a 15 % improvement in irrigation efficiency and an increase
   by 1.32 in agricultural water use efficiency , total water production will
   increase by 20.47 % and total profit will increase by 26.87 % by 2051 .
   therefore , the continuation of these policies can become a sustainable
   model in the agriculture sector and help the sustainability of water
   resources by preventing reducing groundwater levels .
DE climatic scenarios; economic-policy making scenarios; groundwater resources;
   improving the cropping pattern; management activities; simulation
ID optimal cropping pattern; climate-change; river-basin; optimization;
   simulation; demand; agriculture; scarcity; impacts; land

---

UT 486
AR Mustafa HM, 2025, IEEE TRANS IND CYBER-PHYS SYST, V3, P525, DOI
   10.1109/TICPS.2025.3597906
TI Augmenting Decision-Making of Human-in-the-Loop Operators for Resilient
   Cyber-Power Systems
AU Mustafa HM; Patari N; Basumallik S; Srivastava AK
TC 1
SO IEEE TRANS IND CYBER-PHYS SYST
PY 2025
AB human operators in industrial cyber_physical systems ( icps ) , such as
   electric power systems , are responsible for critical , real_time
   decision_making in control centers . they often rely on decision support
   tools ( dsts ) , but multi_modal feedback can lead to cognitive and
   information overload , especially during extreme events . as human
   involvement increases , icps are evolving into cyber_physical human systems
   ( cphs ) and cyber_physical social systems ( cpss ) , where human cognition
   and machine intelligence are tightly integrated . this work investigates
   human_machine cooperation using the cyber_physical transmission resiliency
   assessment metric ( cp_tram ) , a dst that integrates physical and cyber
   alerts to support collaborative decision_making . we developed a
   laboratory_based human_in_the_loop setup simulating a power grid control
   room , where cp_tram and the cyber_power alarm tool visualize real_time
   alarms due to physical and cyber events . an industry_grade operator
   training software , powersimulator , is used to create training scenarios on
   a synthetic model of washington state ' s power system_the cascadia network
   . this model is connected to a hardware_in_the_loop ( hil ) testbed ,
   forming a combined hardware , software , and human_integrated environment
   for training and evaluation . to assess effectiveness , we simulate a
   cyber_induced physical event based on the miter att and ck ics framework and
   compare operator performance with and without these tools . the study
   includes 40 participants_18 professional operators and 22 students . we use
   eye_tracking based metrics to compute a cognitive overload score ,
   validating how cp_tram enhances detection and response to cyber events .
   results show improved speed and accuracy of decision_making , confirming the
   dst ' s effectiveness under high_stress conditions .
DE power systems; decision-making; training; real-time systems; power grids;
   phasor measurement units; cyberattack; power system dynamics; load modeling;
   data visualization; and cyber-physical-human interaction; decision support
   tools ( dsts ); dynamic decision-making ( ddm ); operator training

---

